「どんなレジャーで遊ぶか、悩んじゃうよね」=It's so hard to decide what kind of leisure activities to do.
「そのお悩み分かるですよー。私も決め切れてないのです」=I know what you mean. I can't decide either.
「気候があったかいから、歩いてるだけでいい運動になるよね」=The weather is so warm that just walking around is good exercise.
「ですねー。汗をかきすぎて、溶けちゃいそうなのですー」=That's right. I'm sweating so much, I feel like I'm going to melt.
「気になってるレジャーってあったりする？」=Are there any leisure activities you're interested in?
「全部です！　私は欲張りなのですよー」=All of it!　I'm so greedy!
「ねぇ、新しいレジャーを考えてみてよ。３、２、１、どうぞー」=Come up with a new leisure activity in three, two, one, please.
「それは無茶ぶりが過ぎるですよ！？」=That's too much to ask!
「二人で遊べるレジャーも、色々やってみたいんだよね」=I want to try all kinds of leisure activities for the two of us.
「いいですねー。私もお付き合いするですー」=That sounds great. I'll go along with you.
「せっかくの機会だし、思いっきり羽を伸ばさないとね」=I'll go along with you. - Since we have this opportunity, we should stretch our wings as much as possible.
「その通りなのです！　悔いが残らないように、遊びまくるですよー！」=You're right!　I'm going to have so much fun that I won't have any regrets!
「この島の空気を吸ってると、健康になれそうな気がするよ」=Breathing the air of this island makes me feel healthy.
「自然が豊かですからね。空気が綺麗なのです」=It's rich in nature. The air is so clean.
「この島なら、俺でも自給自足の生活が出来たりしないかな？」=I wonder if I'll be able to live self-sufficiently on this island?
「んー、さすがに楽観的な気がするですよ。自然は厳しいのです」=Hmm, you're being very optimistic. Nature is harsh.
「同じ国なのに、動物も植物も全然違うよね」=Even though it's the same country, the animals and plants are very different.
「ですねー。なんだか南国って感じがするです」=Yes, they are. I feel like I'm in a tropical country.
「ここへ来て、自然の大切さを学べた気がするよ」=I think I've learned a lot about the importance of nature by coming here.
「自然保護の活動をやってみるのも良いと思うですよ」=I think it's a good idea to do some conservation work.
「大きな自然に囲まれてたらさ、自分はなんてちっぽけなんだろうって思ったりしない？」=When you're surrounded by nature, don't you think how small you are?
「急に遠い目をしてどうしたですか……？　帰ってきてほしいのです」=What's the matter with your sudden faraway look, ......?　I want you to come back.
「オリジナルの星座とか考えたことある？」=Have you ever thought of your own constellation?
「豚カツ座、だし巻き卵座……他にも色々考えたことがあるですよ。食べ物ばっかりなのは、ご愛嬌なのです♪」=I've thought of a lot of other constellations too. I've come up with many others. The fact that they are all about food is just for fun.
「海って、ちょっと変わった生き物が多いよね」=There are many strange creatures in the sea, aren't there?
「陸地とは環境が全然違うから、へんてこになるですかね？」=The environment is completely different from that of land, so it can be strange, right?
「自分を魚に例えるなら、なんになる？」=If you were a fish, what would you be?
「お、お魚限定ですか！？　挙げても絶対ピンとこないですよっ」=What would you be if you were a fish?　I can't think of anything.
「海と聞いて連想するものって何がある？」=What do you think of when you hear the word "ocean"?
「やっぱり夏ですかねー。夏といえば海、海といえば夏なのですっ」=Summer, I guess. Summer means the ocean, and the ocean means summer.
「綺麗な海を見れただけでも、ここに来てよかったって思わない？」=Don't you think it's a good thing you came here just to see the beautiful sea?
「すごーく分かるです！　テレビやネットで見たことはあったですが、実際に見た方が何百倍も感動したですよー！」=I totally understand!　I've seen it on TV and on the Internet, but seeing it in person was hundreds of times more impressive!
「海に囲まれた島だから、昔は移動が大変だったんだろうね」=The island is surrounded by the sea, so it must have been very difficult to get around in the past.
「大変なのは今も変わらないと思うですよ。通販の配達とか、すっごく遅れそうなのですよ……」=I think it's the same now. I'm sure it's just as hard now. Mail order deliveries are always delayed. ......
「水泳選手なら、近くの島まで泳いで行けたりするのかな？」=Would swimmers be able to swim to the nearest island?
「距離だけなら問題ないかもですが、色々危険すぎる気がするですよ……」=The distance might not be a problem, but I think it's too dangerous. ......
「たまたまなのか分かんないけど、買ってみた飲み物が全部甘かったんだよね……」=I don't know if it's a coincidence, but all the drinks I tried to buy were sweet. ......
「こちらの方の好みなのですかねー？　海外だと、お茶は甘いのが基本だって聞いたことがあるですよ」=I don't know if it's just a coincidence, but all the drinks I bought were sweet.　I've heard that in other countries, tea is usually sweet.
「メニューを見ただけじゃ、よく分からないものが多いよね」=I've heard that in other countries, tea is usually sweet. - You can't really tell from the menu.
「気になったので、いくつか注文してみたですよ。いつか全ての謎を解き明かすですっ」=I was curious, so I ordered a few things. One day I'll solve all the mysteries.
「ガイドブックに書いてたんだけど、ここの方言で『美味しい』は『まーさん』って言うらしいよ」=I read in the guidebook that 'delicious' is called 'ma-san' in the local dialect.
「へぇ、勉強になるです。食堂で使ったら、喜んでもらえる気がするですよー」=Wow, I'm learning a lot. If I use it in the cafeteria, I'm sure people will be happy.
「こっちの方の瓦がどうして赤いか知ってる？　ちなみに俺は知らないよ」=Do you know why the tiles are red in this area?　I don't know, by the way.
「知らないのですかっ！？　教えてもらえるのかと期待したですよ……」=You don't know?　I was expecting you to tell me. ......
「この島らしい名物ってなんだろう？」=What are the specialties of this island?
「うーん、どれも特色が出てると思うですよ。他じゃ見かけないものばかりなのです」=Hmm, I think they all have their own characteristics. I think they are all unique. You won't find them anywhere else.
「女の子に喜んで貰えそうな、可愛い名産品もいっぱいあるね」=There are a lot of cute specialties that girls would love.
「はっ！？　だ、誰か渡す人がいるですかっ？」=What?　Who's going to give them to me?
「どうして人間は生殖行為で、快感を得られる様になったんだろう？」=How did we get to the point where we get pleasure from reproduction?
「ま、真面目に聞いてるのか、セクハラなのか、分からないですよ……」=Well, I can't tell if you're being serious or if you're being sexually harassed. ......
「舐めるのと舐められるのって、どっちが好き？」=Which do you like better, licking or being licked?
「はわっ……そ、その……舐めて貰える方が……好き、かもです……」=I think I like it ...... better when someone licks me .......
「おっぱいは母性の象徴って感じだけど、チンコは父性の象徴って感じはしないよね」=Boobs are a symbol of motherhood, but a cock is not a symbol of fatherhood.
「い、言いたいことは分かるのですが、素直に同意できないのです……」=I know what you mean, but I can't honestly agree with you. ......
「は、恥ずかしい話は禁止なのですー！」=No embarrassing talk allowed!
「お、女の子に振る話題じゃないですよ！」=Oh, that's not a topic for a girl!
