「外で遊ぶのって好き？」=Do you like to play outside?
「汗を流すのは気持ちいいし、割と好きね」=I like to sweat. It feels good.
「屋内で出来るレジャーも豊富だったらいいのにね」=It would be nice if there were more indoor activities.
「天気が悪い日の為に必要かもね」=Maybe we need them for bad weather.
「この島が楽し過ぎて、ずっと遊んでたくなるな……」=This island is so much fun, I want to spend all my time on it. ......
「気持ちは分かるけど、本来の目的を忘れちゃダメよ？」=I know what you mean, but don't forget what you're here for, okay?
「ずっとこの島にいたら、運動不足とは無縁だろうなぁ」=If you stay on this island all the time, you'll never get enough exercise.
「ふふ、確かに。自然豊かだし、健康的でいられそうだわ」=I'm sure you're right. I'm sure I'll stay fit and healthy.
「だいたいのアクティビティはやってみた？」=Have you tried most of the activities?
「ううん、まだ全然。でも、それだけ楽しみが残ってるってことだから、ワクワクしてるわ」=No, not yet. No, not yet, but I'm excited because it means I have a lot to look forward to.
「やっぱり男は筋肉があった方がいいのかな？」=Do you think a man should have muscles?
「私が頷いたら筋トレをするの？　ふふ、それなら『うん』って答えようかな」=If I nod, will you do some muscle training?　If I nod, will you do the muscle training?
「飼ってみたい動物や、育ててみたい植物ってある？」=Are there any animals you'd like to own or plants you'd like to grow?
「植物には明るくないから分からないけど……動物ならモモンガかな。変わった動物を飼ってみたいわ」=I don't know, I'm not very good with plants, but I'd like to have a ...... animal, maybe a mononga. I'd like to have an unusual animal.
「道端の草花も、なんていうか南の島特有の感じがするよね」=The flowers and plants on the roadside have a kind of southern island feel to them, don't they?
「ふふ、言いたいことは分かるけど、すごく抽象的ね」=I know what you mean, but it's so abstract.
「自然の中にいると、心が清らかになってく気がするんだ」=When I'm in nature, I feel like I'm being cleansed.
「なぁに？　あなたは普段、闇を抱えて生きてるの？」=What is it?　Do you usually live with darkness in your life?
「今日も空が澄んでて綺麗だね」=The sky is so clear and beautiful today.
「そうね。この旅行は本当に天気に恵まれていてよかったわ」=Yes, it is. We've been really lucky with the weather on this trip.
「余生はこういう自然に囲まれたところで暮らしたいな……」=I'd like to spend the rest of my life in a place like this, surrounded by nature. ......
「もう……そんなことを考えるような歳じゃないでしょ？」=You're not old enough to think about ...... that, are you?
「これだけ緑が綺麗だから、精霊とかそういうのがいてもおかしくない気がするなぁ」=The greenery is so beautiful, it's not surprising that there are spirits and such.
「ふふ、私達が気づいてないだけで、案外近くにいるのかもしれないわね」=I'm not sure if there are spirits or not, we just don't know they're here.
「海と聞いて、なにを連想する？」=What do you think of when you hear the word "ocean"?
「やっぱり夏休みかしら。夏以外に訪れる機会は、めったにないから」=Summer vacation. We rarely have the chance to visit during the summer.
「熱帯魚がどうしてあんなにカラフルなんだろうね？」=Why do you think tropical fish are so colorful?
「うーん、保護色だから……とか？　勘だけど、いい線いっている気がするわ」=Hmmm, maybe it's because they have a protective color, like ......?　Just a hunch, but I think it's a good one.
「深海魚って可愛いと思う？」=Do you think deep-sea fish are cute?
「私は嫌いじゃないわ。どんな進化を経たのか想像すると楽しいしね」=I don't mind them. I don't mind them. It's fun to imagine how they evolved.
「綺麗な海を泳ぐのって気持ちいいよね」=It's nice to swim in clean water, isn't it?
「ええ、本当にそう思うわ。海中を優雅に泳ぐことが出来たら、もっと素敵なんでしょうね」=Yes, I really think so. Yes, I really think so. It would be even better if you could swim gracefully through the water.
「魚を見てさ、綺麗だと思う？　それとも美味しそうだと思う？」=When you see a fish, do you think it's beautiful?　Do you think they look beautiful or delicious?
「それは……種類によるかな？　熱帯魚なら綺麗だと思うけど、マグロとかなら味を想像しちゃうかも」=It depends on the type of fish.　If it's a tropical fish, I think it's beautiful, but if it's tuna or something like that, I might imagine what it tastes like.
「海辺の近くに住んだら、綺麗な景色を毎日眺められるんだよね……いいなぁ」=If I lived near the beach, I could see the beautiful scenery every day.
「そうね。でも特別な景色が当たり前になるのは、ちょっと勿体ない気がするわ。たまに訪れるぐらいがいいのかもしれないわね」=That's true. I think it would be a shame to let a special view become the norm. Maybe it's better to visit every now and then.
「ここら辺って長寿の人が多いけど、食べてる料理のお陰だったりするのかな？」=A lot of people around here live a long life, do you think it's because of the food they eat?
「その可能性は高そうな気がするわね。同じ食事を続けていたら、私達も長生き出来るかしら」=I think it's very likely. I wonder if we could live longer if we kept eating the same food.
「色んなフルーツジュースを見かけるよね」=I see a lot of fruit juices here.
「さすが南国って感じがするわ。せっかくだし、私も色々頼んでみようかしら」=It's like a tropical country. I think I'll try some of those.
「なにか気になる特産品とかあった？」=Did you see any specialties that caught your eye?
「普段目にしないものばかりだから、どれも気になってるわ。一つに搾るのは難しいわね」=I'm curious about all of them because I don't usually see them. It's hard to narrow it down to just one.
「こっちの方言で『すごい』は『ちびらーさん』って言うらしいよ」=I heard that in our dialect, 'wow' is called 'chibi-ra-san'.
「へぇ、名産品とかに使ったら喜んでもらえそうね」=Wow, they'd love it if you used it for a specialty item or something.
「お店を見て回るだけでも楽しいよね」=It's fun just to look around the stores.
「見ていて全然飽きないわよね。お金があれば、全部買ってるんだけど……叶わない願いね」=I never get tired of looking at them. If I had the money, I'd buy everything. ...... It's a wish that will never come true.
「買い物はもう済んだ？」=Have you done your shopping yet?
「ううん、まだ迷ってる最中なの。最終的な候補は絞れたから、あともう少しで決まるところよ」=No, I'm still in the process of deciding. I've narrowed down my choices and I'm almost ready to make my decision.
「オナニーするのは好き？」=Do you like to masturbate?
「……き、気持ち良くなれるから、嫌いじゃないけど……もう、女の子に聞く事じゃないわ」=I don't mind it because it makes me feel good, but ...... it's not something you should ask a girl.
「チンコの話なんだけど、硬いのと太いのはどっちが好き？」=Let's talk about cocks. Do you like hard cocks or thick cocks?
「け、経験が豊富なわけじゃないから、分からないわ。……あなたのは、好き……だけど」=I don't know, I'm not very experienced. I don't know. I like ...... yours, though.
「変わったエッチってしてみたい？」=Do you want to have sex in a different way?
「それは……エッチの内容によるわ。無茶なことは、しないでね？」=That depends on the nature of the ...... sex. Don't do anything crazy, okay?
「ちょっと、変なことを言わないで」=Hey, don't say anything funny.
「……今の発言は、聞かなかったことにするわ」=I'm going to ...... pretend I didn't just say that.
