//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.2 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「どんなアクティビティに興味があるの？」=“What sort of activities are you interested in?”
「そうですね、あまり難しくなければ、色々とチャレンジしてみたい気持ちはあります」=“Let's see, I'd say I want to try all sorts of things, as long as they're not too difficult.”
「この島自体が大きなレジャーランドって感じがするね」=“This island in itself feels like a giant leisure park, doesn't it?”
「そうですね。漂う空気まで、まさに観光リゾート地ですからね」=“Indeed. Even the air feels as if we're in a holiday resort.”
「海や山で色んなアクティビティができそうだね」=“Seems like we can do all sorts of activities in the sea and the mountains here, huh?”
「もしかして全部チャレンジするおつもりですか？　すごい体力ですね」=“Are you perhaps planning on trying out everything? You must have quite the stamina.”
「研修旅行のはずなのに、レジャーの事しか考えらえないよ」=“Even though it's supposed to be a study tour, chilling out and messing around's all I can think about.”
「分かります。これだけ開放的ですから、羽を伸ばしたくなりますね」=“I can relate. This place is so open and liberating, it really makes you want to let your hair down, doesn't it?”
「この島、どこに行っても何かアクティビティをしてる気分になるよ」=“No matter where you go here, it always feels like you're doing some activity.”
「完全に景色が違いますからね……どこに行っても情緒が溢れています」=“Indeed, the scenery's entirely different, afterall... no matter where you go, it's all so rich with emotion.”
「この島、何か特別なアクティビティとかあるかな？」=“You think there's any special activities here?”
「私はあると思います。この島でしか見れないものが、沢山ありそうですから」=“I would say so. I feel like this is the sort of place that'd have lots of unique things.”
「豊かな自然を見ていると、なんだか穏やか気持ちになるよね」=“Looking at all this rich nature has a way of making your heart really relax, doesn't it?”
「はい。この空間だけ、なんだか遠い昔にタイムスリップしたような気持ちになります」=“Yes. It feels like just this part of the world alone is stuck in the far, far away past.”
「この島、見たことが無い植物も沢山生えてるよね」=“This place is full of flora you'd never see in the city too.”
「そうですね。ちょっとしたジャングルに近いでしょうか……迷ったら大変そうですね」=“It sure is. I wonder if you could call it a jungle... It does seem like it'd be quite the disaster to get lost in the forests here.”
「自然豊かな所だし、野生の生き物も沢山いるんだろうね」=“With how much nature there is here, I bet there's lots of wild animals too.”
「自然が豊かですから、野生動物もほとんど生活の一部、みたいな存在なのかも知れませんね」=“With all this nature, even the wild animals might be just another part of the life here.”
「こんなに自然が多かったら、人が生活するのは大変かも知れないね」=“It's probably pretty hard and inconvenient, to live in a place with rich nature like this, huh?”
「どうでしょうか……人間も自然の一部ですから、私は案外、快適だと思いますよ」=“I wonder... we as people are part of nature as well so, I think it'd actually be rather pleasant.”
「この島、緑に囲まれてて空気が美味しいよね」=“With all this nature surrounding the place, the air's really tasty too, isn't it?”
「そうですね。車も少ないですし、空気が汚れていないんでしょうね」=“Indeed. There's not many cars here either, so that likely helps as well.”
「こういう自然が多い場所に、別荘とか建てれたら楽しいだろうね」=“It'd probably be pretty fun, to build a holiday home in a place like this.”
「いいかも知れませんね。でも、自然に囲まれているからこそ、お手入れが大変かも知れませんよ」=“It might be, yes. But on that same note, with all this nature around here, maintenance might end up being quite the chore as well.”
「この島の海って、本当に水が綺麗だよね」=“The water in the sea here really is clean, isn't it?”
「そうですね。南の島は海が綺麗なイメージがありますけど、ここは特に綺麗だと思います」=“Indeed. The southern seas are known to be quite clean but, I think this place is particularly special on that front.”
「この辺の魚って、すごくカラフルな種類が多いよね」=“The fish around here tend to be really colorful, don't they?”
「そうですね、海の中そのものがカラフルですから、そういうお魚が増えたんでしょうか」=“They sure do, I wonder if that's due to the sea itself being so colorful as well?”
「こんなに奇麗な海だと、いつまでも眺めていられるね」=“With a sea this pretty, you could seriously look at it all day, couldn't you?”
「はい。ずっと海を眺めていると、なんだか懐かしい気持ちになるので不思議です」=“Yes. For some reason, doing that makes me feel really nostalgic after a while. What a mystery.”
「この島の人って、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=“Seems like the people here don't really swim in the sea much.”
「ええ、そうらしいですね。確か、海は浜辺で遊ぶもので、泳ぐ場所じゃないというのが主流のようです」=“Yes, it does seem to be that way. If I remember right, the most common view is that the beach is for having fun on the sand, not swimming in the sea.”
「海の生き物だったら、何が一番好きかな？」=“Between all the sea creatures, which do you like the most?”
「海の生き物ですか……私はペンギンが好きですね。ペンギンも、含まれていますよね？」=“A sea creature, huh... I love penguins myself. Those count too, right?”
「あの水平線の向こう側には、色んな島や大陸があるんだろうね」=“There's probably all sorts of islands and continents beyond that horizon, huh?”
「そうですね。そして色々な人々が暮らしていて、それぞれの人生を送っているんだと思います」=“Indeed. And probably all sorts of people living on them too, leading their own unique lives.”
「この島の自販機って、見たことない飲み物売ってるよね」=“The vending machines sell a whole lot of unique drinks, don't they?”
「はい。でも、いざ買うとなると、なかなか勇気が出せなくて、無難なものを選びがちです」=“Yes. But I always end up getting cold feet right before I press the button, so I end up just going with the safe options instead.”
「この島の料理って、どれも美味しいけど、普段はなかなか見かけないよね」=“The dishes here are all very delicious but, you don't really see most of them in the city, do you?”
「おそらく、この土地の風土に合わせて発展したものでしょうから。素材も味も独特なのでしょうね」=“I imagine that's because they probably came into being due to the local environment and climate. The ingredients they require and their flavour bases are likely rather unique as well.”
「この島の特産品は、何が一番有名なんだろう」=“I wonder what the most famous local speciality here is?”
「中々難しいですね。色々と特産品があって、どれもこれも有名ですから」=“That's quite the difficult question. There's so many of them, and they're all very famous too.”
「民芸品の由来とか調べたら、研修になりそうだよね」=“Feels like looking into the folk crafts and their histories would probably count as research too, doesn't it?”
「そうですね。その土地の歴史を調べる訳ですから、きっと研修の役に立つと思いますよ」=“Indeed. It comes under looking into the history of the land so, I'm sure it would count.”
「この島の所々で聞こえてくる音楽って、結構好きなんだよね」=“I kinda really like that music that you can hear playing a lot here, you know?”
「私もです。陽気で軽やかで、この土地ならではの音楽だと思います」=“Me too. It's so jovial and lighthearted, I think it fits the place perfectly.”
「この島、フルーツが沢山採れるんだよね」=“A whole lot of fruit grows here, huh?”
「そうですね。パイナップルやマンゴーなどから、珍しい南国のフルーツまで豊富な種類があるらしいですよ」=“Indeed. From pineapples to mangoes, to even some unique southern fruits, they apparently have it all.”
「オナニーってどれぐらい激しくできる？」=“How intensely can you masturbate?”
「あの……あまり気にした事はなのですが……そこまで激しくはないと思います」=“Uhm... I've never really thought about that... but I don't think I can do it all that intensely.”
「おまんことおっぱい、どっちが気持ちいい？」=“Between your pussy and boobs, which feels better?”
「強いて言えばですが……どちらも感じ方が違うので、一概には言えないと思います」=“If I must give you an answer... the pleasure is different for both so, I really cannot say.”
「お尻ってどんな風に感じるの？」=“What does anal feel like?”
「お尻ですか……なんと言うか、ゾクゾクと震える感じです。それが徐々に快感に変わっていく気がします」=“Anal, you ask... how do I say this, it feels very electrifying. That sensation slowly turns into pleasure, as we do it.”
「申し訳ありませんが……そういう質問には、お答えできません」=“I'm very sorry but... I cannot answer that question.”
「あまり恥ずかしい質問をされては……困ってしまいます」=“Please don't ask me... something so embarrassing.”
