//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「色んなレジャーがあるから、全部体験するのは大変そうだね」=“There's so many things to do here, doing everything's gonna be a real challenge, isn't it?”
「だからこそ挑戦のし甲斐があるかと存じます」=“I do think that that's precisely why there is value in doing so.”
「どのレジャーも体力が必要だけど、大丈夫？」=“Just about every activity is pretty stamina heavy here, you doing alright?”
「流石に殿方には敵いませんが、日頃から運動は欠かさずしておりますので、問題ございません」=“I could never be as energetic as a man such as you but, I do try to keep in shape so it's not a problem.”
「今日もいい汗をかけそうだね」=“Another day of sweating ahead of us, isn't it?”
「ええ。絶好の運動日和かと思います」=“Yes. I think it's the perfect day for a workout.”
「その……男は筋肉質な方がいいと思う？」=“Say... do you think men should be muscular?”
「一般的な女性の好みは分かりませんが……私個人は特にそういった趣向はございません」=“I could not say about women in general but... personally I do not have such preferences.”
「なんかさ、特に用事もないのに出歩いちゃうよね」=“You know, sometimes I just end up walking to places, even though I don't have anywhere to go.”
「分かります。景色が良いので、私も気が付けば散歩をしています」=“I can understand. The scenery around here is so pleasant, sometimes I end up taking walks without realizing.”
「二人で出来るレジャーもたくさんあるよね」=“There's lots of two people activities too, huh?”
「友人と楽しむ為もあるかと思いますが……主な客層は恋人なのでしょうね。かっぷる用の割引がありました」=“While they can be enjoyed with friends... I imagine the main clientele is mostly couples. I recall seeing a couples' discount as well.”
「この島に未知の生物とかいないかな？」=“You think there's any unknown species here?”
「まだ発見されていない生き物は数多く存在しているそうなので、可能性は否定出来ないかと存じます」=“It seems quite likely that many yet undiscovered species exist here, so I do think it's not impossible.”
「ここは空気が美味しいから、つい深呼吸をしたくなるよね」=“The air here's so tasty, you just help but take a deep breath every so often, can you?”
「分かります。海では潮風を感じ、公園では自然の息吹を感じることが出来るので、大変癒されますよね」=“I can understand. You can savour the salty breeze at the sea, and the clear breath of nature at the nature park as well. It's very soothing, isn't it?”
「ガイドブックに書いてたけど、珍しい動物や植物がいっぱいいるみたいだね」=“They did mention it in the guidebook but, seems like there's a whole lot of unique flora and fauna here, huh?”
「少々出歩いただけでも、変わった植物は見かけますね。色々な発見がありますので、もっと探索しようと考えております」=“Even just going for a bit of a walk is enough to see some of that flora. There's all sorts of things to be discovered here, so I'm thinking of continuing to explore more.”
「聞いたことがあるんだけど、枝葉の揺れる音は癒しの効果があるんだって」=“Apparently, the sound of branches swaying in the air has quite the soothing effect.”
「癒し……確かに納得できます。これからは森林浴を日課にするべきでしょうか……貴方もいかがですか？」=“Soothing... I can certainly agree. Perhaps I will have to make my nature walks a daily thing... would you like to join me?”
「こういう自然に囲まれた場所に別荘がほしいなぁ……」=“Man, it'd be so nice to have a vacation home in a place like this...”
「別荘とは違うかもしれませんが、自然に囲まれた茶室には憧れがあります。偶に野点を行うのも楽しそうです」=“This may not be all that similar to that but, I do dream of a tearoom of my own, surrounded by nature. It would be quite fun to hold tea ceremonies there, I imagine.”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって伝承があるらしいよ」=“Apparently there's a legend that says that there have been ghosts here from ancient times.”
「ずっと島の自然を見守って下さっているのでしょうね。叶う事ならお礼を伝える為に、一度お会いしたいものです」=“I imagine they serve as protectors of this island's nature. If it's possible, I'd like to meet them atleast once, to express my gratitude.”
「魚を飼ったことってある？」=“Have you ever kept any fish as pets?”
「お庭に金魚がいます。祖父が大切に育てていて、私も偶にご飯をあげていますよ」=“The pond in our yard does house goldfish. My grandfather treasures them quite a bit, and even I feed them sometimes.”
「深海魚って美味しいのかな？」=“I wonder if deep sea fish are tasty?”
「えぇと……申し訳ないのですが、その様な知識には疎く……美味しいお魚もいるのではないでしょうか？」=“Eerhm... I'm sorry but, I'm afraid I do not know much about that... in all likelihood, at least some should be, no?”
「こんなに綺麗な海で泳げるなんて、最高だよね」=“Being able to swim in a sea this pretty is just pure luxury, isn't it?”
「はい。正直に申しますと、私も気持ちが昂っております」=“Yes. If I'm being honest, it excites even me.”
「水族館の魚を見て、美味しそうって思ったことはある？」=“Have you ever looked at aquarium fish and thought "man, they look pretty tasty."?”
「……考えたこともありませんでした。確かに、水槽によっては食用のお魚も展示されていますね」=“...Not even remotely. They do tend to have some fish that we consume on display as well, don't they?”
「海が綺麗だし、いつまでも泳いでいたいよね」=“The sea's so pretty, really makes you wanna just swim forever, doesn't it?”
「ええ、分かります。素敵な島なので、離れることが名残惜しくて……」=“Yes, I can understand that. Though it's a wonderful little island, so we can't just leave it behind either...”
「綺麗な海を守る為に、ごみ拾いをしようと思うんだ」=“I'm thinking of volunteering as a litter collector, to protect this beautiful sea.”
「立派な心掛けかと存じます。私もお手伝いいたします」=“That's a wonderful mindset. I shall lend you a hand as well.”
「食べ物も飲み物も、なんていうか独特だよね」=“Both the foods and the drinks are all kinda unique, aren't they?”
「風土の違いなのでしょうね。食文の観点から、この島について調べてみるのも興味深いかもしれません」=“I imagine it's the climate. It might be quite interesting to look into this island from the food culture point of view as well.”
「ここのお菓子はもう食べた？」=“Tried the sweets here yet?”
「ええ、こちらのお餅をいただきました。黒糖の風味がとても美味しかったですよ」=“Yes, I partook in some of the mochi they make here. The brown sugar ones were very delicious.”
「噂で聞いたんだけど、湿布のにおいがする飲み物が売ってるらしいよ」=“This is only a rumour but, apparently they sell drinks here that smell like wet compresses.”
「ま、誠ですか？　湿布のにおい……どの様な味がするのか全く想像がつきません」=“T-Truly? The smell of a wet compress... I cannot even begin to imagine just what sort of taste that would have.”
「お店を見て回るだけでも楽しいよね」=“It's fun just touring the shops, isn't it?”
「はい。楽しさのあまり、つい長居をするものですから……お店の方は私の顔を覚えていらっしゃるかもしれません」=“Yes. It's so much fun, I tend to stay quite a bit longer than I should... I imagine many of the stores have already memorized my face.”
「勝手なイメージだけど、贈り物を選ぶのが上手そうだよね」=“It's just my image of you but, I feel like you're good at picking presents.”
「茶道でお菓子を見繕う機会はございますが……それだけですよ？　お茶に合うかどうかが分かるぐらいです」=“I do tend to get given discretion over picking the sweets to serve during tea ceremonies but... that's really all, you know? I can only really tell if something will go well with tea.”
「可愛らしい名産品も色々あるけど、何か気になるものはあった？」=“There's all sorts of pretty adorable looking local products too, anything catch your eye?”
「ご当地きゃらくたぁの絵柄が刷られた商品がいつくつかありまして……とても心が惹かれております」=“There's so many products with the local mascot character printed on... I find myself very charmed by them.”
「その……変態とか、すけべって罵ってくれない？」=“Say, erhm... won't you call me a pervert? Just once.”
「……変態。あの……これでよろしいのでしょうか？」=“...You pervert. Uhm... is that fine?”
「やってみたいエッチってある？」=“Is there any sort of sex you wanna try?”
「性に関する知識自体がそれ程ありませんので、特には思いつかないです」=“I do not actually know all that much about sex so, I cannot come up with anything.”
「舐められるのって好き？」=“Do you like it when I lick you?”
「気持ちが良いですから、嫌いではございません」=“It feels really pleasant so, I do not hate it at all.”
「……もう少々、話題を選んでいただけませんか？」=“...Could you not perhaps pick more fitting topics?”
「私にはなんのことか分かりません」=“I do not understand what you're asking about.”
