「色んなレジャーがあるから、全部体験するのは大変そうだね」=“There are so many things to do, it must be hard to experience them all.”
「だからこそ挑戦のし甲斐があるかと存じます」=“That's why I think it's worth the challenge.”
「どのレジャーも体力が必要だけど、大丈夫？」=“All leisure activities require physical strength.”
「流石に殿方には敵いませんが、日頃から運動は欠かさずしておりますので、問題ございません」=“I'm no match for the gentlemen, but I always exercise, so it's no problem.”
「今日もいい汗をかけそうだね」=“You're going to work up a good sweat today, aren't you?”
「ええ。絶好の運動日和かと思います」=“Yes. I think it's a perfect day for a workout.”
「その……男は筋肉質な方がいいと思う？」=“Do you think that ...... men should be muscular?”
「一般的な女性の好みは分かりませんが……私個人は特にそういった趣向はございません」=“I don't know what the average woman likes, but ...... I don't have any particular preference.”
「なんかさ、特に用事もないのに出歩いちゃうよね」=“I don't know, I just tend to go out when I don't have anything to do.”
「分かります。景色が良いので、私も気が付けば散歩をしています」=“I understand. I find myself going for walks because the scenery is so nice.”
「二人で出来るレジャーもたくさんあるよね」=“There are many leisure activities that we can do together, aren't there?”
「友人と楽しむ為もあるかと思いますが……主な客層は恋人なのでしょうね。かっぷる用の割引がありました」=“There are a lot of leisure activities for two people." "I think some of them are for enjoying with friends, but I guess ...... the main customers are lovers. There is a discount for couples.”
「この島に未知の生物とかいないかな？」=“I wonder if there are any unknown creatures on this island?”
「まだ発見されていない生き物は数多く存在しているそうなので、可能性は否定出来ないかと存じます」=“I've heard that there are many creatures that have yet to be discovered on this island, so there is no denying the possibility.”
「ここは空気が美味しいから、つい深呼吸をしたくなるよね」=“The air is so good here that you feel like taking a deep breath.”
「分かります。海では潮風を感じ、公園では自然の息吹を感じることが出来るので、大変癒されますよね」=“I understand. I can feel the sea breeze in the ocean and the breath of nature in the park, so it's very relaxing.”
「ガイドブックに書いてたけど、珍しい動物や植物がいっぱいいるみたいだね」=“I read in the guidebook that there are a lot of rare animals and plants here.”
「少々出歩いただけでも、変わった植物は見かけますね。色々な発見がありますので、もっと探索しようと考えております」=“I read in the guidebook that there are many unusual animals and plants. There are so many things to discover, I'm thinking of exploring more.”
「聞いたことがあるんだけど、枝葉の揺れる音は癒しの効果があるんだって」=“I've heard that the sound of swaying branches and leaves has a healing effect.”
「癒し……確かに納得できます。これからは森林浴を日課にするべきでしょうか……貴方もいかがですか？」=“I've heard that the sound of swaying branches and leaves has a healing effect. ...... certainly makes sense. I've heard that the sound of swaying branches and leaves has a healing effect.”
「こういう自然に囲まれた場所に別荘がほしいなぁ……」=“I'd like to have a vacation home in a place surrounded by nature like this: ......”
「別荘とは違うかもしれませんが、自然に囲まれた茶室には憧れがあります。偶に野点を行うのも楽しそうです」=“I'd like to have a villa surrounded by nature. I would love to have a tea house surrounded by nature, and it would be fun to have a tea ceremony every now and then.”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって伝承があるらしいよ」=“I heard that there is a tradition that spirits live on this island.”
「ずっと島の自然を見守って下さっているのでしょうね。叶う事ならお礼を伝える為に、一度お会いしたいものです」=“They say that spirits have been living on the island for a long time, and that they have been watching over the island's nature. I'd like to meet him once to thank him for all he's done for us.”
「魚を飼ったことってある？」=“Have you ever owned a fish?”
「お庭に金魚がいます。祖父が大切に育てていて、私も偶にご飯をあげていますよ」=“I have a goldfish in my garden. I have a goldfish in my garden. My grandfather takes good care of it and I feed it occasionally.”
「深海魚って美味しいのかな？」=“Do you think deep-sea fish are tasty?”
「えぇと……申し訳ないのですが、その様な知識には疎く……美味しいお魚もいるのではないでしょうか？」=“Well, ...... I'm sorry, but I'm not familiar with that kind of knowledge. ...... I'm sure there are some tasty fish, aren't there?”
「こんなに綺麗な海で泳げるなんて、最高だよね」=“Isn't it great to be able to swim in such beautiful waters?”
「はい。正直に申しますと、私も気持ちが昂っております」=“Yes. I have to admit, I'm excited, too.”
「水族館の魚を見て、美味しそうって思ったことはある？」=“Have you ever looked at a fish in an aquarium and thought, "That looks so good!”
「……考えたこともありませんでした。確かに、水槽によっては食用のお魚も展示されていますね」=“I've never thought about it. I've never thought about it. - Sure, some tanks have edible fish on display.”
「海が綺麗だし、いつまでも泳いでいたいよね」=“The ocean is so beautiful, I wish I could swim in it forever.”
「ええ、分かります。素敵な島なので、離れることが名残惜しくて……」=“Yes, I understand. Yes, I understand. It's a beautiful island and I'm sad to leave it. ......”
「綺麗な海を守る為に、ごみ拾いをしようと思うんだ」=“I'm going to pick up trash to protect the beautiful sea.”
「立派な心掛けかと存じます。私もお手伝いいたします」=“I think it's a noble gesture. I'll help you.”
「食べ物も飲み物も、なんていうか独特だよね」=“The food and drinks are very unique.”
「風土の違いなのでしょうね。食文の観点から、この島について調べてみるのも興味深いかもしれません」=“I guess it's the difference in climate. It might be interesting to look into the island from the perspective of food culture.”
「ここのお菓子はもう食べた？」=“Have you tried the sweets here yet?”
「ええ、こちらのお餅をいただきました。黒糖の風味がとても美味しかったですよ」=“Yes, I had some rice cakes here. Yes, I had some of these rice cakes. The brown sugar flavor was really delicious.”
「噂で聞いたんだけど、湿布のにおいがする飲み物が売ってるらしいよ」=“I heard a rumor that they sell a drink that smells like a poultice.”
「ま、誠ですか？　湿布のにおい……どの様な味がするのか全く想像がつきません」=“Are you serious?　I can't imagine what a poultice smells like .......”
「お店を見て回るだけでも楽しいよね」=“It's fun just to look around the stores.”
「はい。楽しさのあまり、つい長居をするものですから……お店の方は私の顔を覚えていらっしゃるかもしれません」=“Yes. I've been enjoying myself so much that I've been staying here for too long. ...... The people at the store may remember my face.”
「勝手なイメージだけど、贈り物を選ぶのが上手そうだよね」=“I know it's a selfish image, but you seem to be very good at picking out gifts.”
「茶道でお菓子を見繕う機会はございますが……それだけですよ？　お茶に合うかどうかが分かるぐらいです」=“I've had the opportunity to pick up sweets at tea ceremonies, but ...... that's it, okay?　That's all I know how to do. I can tell if something goes well with tea or not.”
「可愛らしい名産品も色々あるけど、何か気になるものはあった？」=“There are all kinds of lovely local products. Did you see anything that caught your eye?”
「ご当地きゃらくたぁの絵柄が刷られた商品がいつくつかありまして……とても心が惹かれております」=“There are a number of products that are printed with the designs of local charlatans. ...... I'm very fascinated by them.”
「その……変態とか、すけべって罵ってくれない？」=“Can you call me a ...... pervert or a slut?”
「……変態。あの……これでよろしいのでしょうか？」=“...... pervert. Are you sure you want to do this ......?”
「やってみたいエッチってある？」=“Is there any sex you'd like to try?”
「性に関する知識自体がそれ程ありませんので、特には思いつかないです」=“I don't know much about sex, so I can't really think of anything.”
「舐められるのって好き？」=“Do you like to be licked?”
「気持ちが良いですから、嫌いではございません」=“It feels good, so I don't mind.”
「……もう少々、話題を選んでいただけませんか？」=“I don't mind it because it feels good. ...... Would you mind choosing a topic for us to talk about?”
「私にはなんのことか分かりません」=“I don't know what you're talking about.”
