「どのレジャーで遊ぶか迷っちゃうよね」="I can't decide which leisure activity to play.
「うん、分かるよ～。いっつも何をしようか悩んじゃうもん」="Yeah, I know what you mean. I know what you mean. I always have a hard time deciding what to do.
「外で遊ぶのは好き？」="Do you like to play outside?
「もっちろん！　だから遊ぶところがいっぱいあるこの島は、天国みたいだって思ってるよ♪」="Of course I do!　That's why I think this island is like heaven, with all the places to play.
「今日も汗だくになっちゃいそうだね」="It's going to be a sweaty day.
「あっついからねぇ。でも私は嫌いじゃないよ」="It's so hot. But I don't mind it.
「もっと身体を鍛えた方がいいのかな？」="Do you think I should work out more?
「ん～……元気いっぱいになれた方が、たくさん遊べるから、いいんじゃないかなぁ」="I think it would be better if you were ...... full of energy, so you could play more.
「二人でできるレジャーもたくさんあるよね」="There are lots of leisure activities we can do together.
「ねっ！　一緒に色々やってみようよ～！」="Yes!　Let's try some things together!
「遊び過ぎて、研修旅行だってことを忘れそうになるよね」="We'll have so much fun, we'll forget it's a study tour.
「うっ……しっかり学習もしないとダメだよねぇ。忘れないうちに頑張らないと……」="We have to study hard at ....... I'll have to work hard before I forget. ......
「珍しい動物や植物をいっぱい見ることが出来るよね」="We'll see a lot of rare animals and plants, right?
「うんうん。ちょっと南の方にあるだけで、こんなに違うなんてビックリだよ～」="Yes, yes. It's amazing how different it is just a little further south!
「ここ固有の生き物って、どれくらいいるのかな？」="I wonder how many of these creatures are native to this area?
「歩いてるだけで、あんまり見たことない生き物に会えたりするから……たーくさんいると思うな」="Just walking around, you can see creatures you've never seen before, so I'm sure there are a lot of them.
「南国特有の虫とかもいるのかな？」="Do you think there are any insects specific to the tropics?
「いるんじゃないかなぁ。でも、どんな虫なんだろう？　七色に光ってたりしてね～」="I'm sure there are. But what kind of bugs are they?　I wonder what kind of bugs they are?
「知ってた？　ここには昔から精霊が住んでるんだよ」="Did you know?　This place has been inhabited by spirits since ancient times.
「えぇっ、ほんとぉ？　どうやったら会えるの？　会えたら握手とかしたいなぁ」="Oh, really?　How can I meet them?　I'd like to shake hands with them.
「こういう自然豊かな場所って、秘密基地を作りたくなったりしない？」="Don't you feel like building a secret base in a place like this where nature is abundant?
「えへへ、ちょっとわかるな～。この島なら、やっぱり公園の中が定番だよねぇ」="Yeah, I know what you mean. On this island, the park is the most popular place.
「こんな素敵な場所に別荘がほしくなるなぁ」="I would love to have a villa in such a beautiful place.
「自然がいーっぱいあるこの島に別荘なんて作ったら、私はずっと住んじゃうと思うな～」="If I built a villa on this island full of nature, I think I would live there forever.
「砂浜に綺麗な丸いガラスが落ちてたりするよね」="There are beautiful round glasses on the beach, aren't there?
「うん、見たことある～。あれってなんなんだろうね？　持って帰っちゃいけないのかな？」="Yes, I've seen that before. I've seen it before. I wonder what it is.　I've seen them. I wonder what they are and if I should take them home.
「熱帯魚がどうしてカラフルか知ってる？」="Do you know why tropical fish are so colorful?
「えぇっ、なんだろ～？　人から見たら目立つ色だけど、お魚が見たら地味な色だったりするのかなぁ」="What do you mean?　Do you know why tropical fish are so colorful?
「海って聞いて、どんなイメージを思い浮かべる？」=What do you think of when you hear the word "ocean"?
「太陽！　きらきら輝く太陽のしたで、みんなはしゃいでる感じかな～」="The sun!　The sun shining brightly and everyone having fun in the sun.
「もし海の生き物になれるとしたら、何になりたい？」="If you could be any sea creature, what would it be?
「う～ん、トビウオがいいかな。お魚なのに空も飛べるから一石二鳥だと思うんだぁ」="If I could be a sea creature, what would it be? Hmmm, I think I would like to be a flying fish because I am a fish and I can fly, so I can kill two birds with one stone.
「綺麗な海を見れただけで、俺は満足だよ」="I'd be happy just to see the beautiful ocean.
「見るだけでいいの？　せっかくだし、泳いだりして色々遊んだ方がいいと思うなぁ」="Are you sure you want to just watch?　I think it's better to swim and have some fun.
「この島でも、海水から塩を作ったりしてるのかな？」="Do they make salt from seawater on this island?
「えぇっ！　塩って海水から作ってるの！？　全然知らなかったぁ……」="Oh my God!　They make salt from seawater?　I didn't know that at all. ......
「売られてるジュースの色はどれもカラフルだよね」="All the juices they sell are so colorful, aren't they?
「色んなフルーツで作ってるんだろうね。赤色に黄色に橙色！　どれも美味しそう～」="I guess they make it from various fruits. Red, yellow and orange!　They all look delicious!
「こっちのお菓子はもう食べてみた？」="Have you tried this candy yet?
「うんっ。あのね、まーるいドーナツみたいなおやつが美味しかったよぉ」="Yes. The doughnut-like treats are delicious.
「ここのご飯や飲み物って、けっこう味付けが独特だよね」="The food and drinks here are quite unique in flavor, aren't they?
「確かに普段食べてるご飯とは違うかも。でも、どっちも美味しいと思うな」="The food and drinks here are quite unique in flavor. - It's true that the food here is different from what I usually eat. But I think they are both delicious.
「どうして、こっちの家の屋根が赤いか知ってる？」="Do you know why the houses here have red roofs?
「ん～、どうしてだろう？　赤い色は縁起がいいとか、そういう理由かなぁ」="Hmmm, I wonder why?　Maybe it's because the color red is good luck or something.
「ここは色んな名産品があるから、何を贈るか迷うよね」="There are so many specialties here, it's hard to choose what to give.
「選ぶのは大変だけど、きっと真剣に選んだものなら喜んでもらえると思うよ」="It's hard to choose, but I'm sure they'll be happy if you take your choice seriously.
「可愛らしい名産品も見かけるよね」="I've seen some cute gifts.
「私はお友達とお揃いの文房具を買ったよぉ。お魚のイラストが可愛いの」="I bought matching stationery for my friend. I bought matching stationery with my friend. It has cute fish illustrations.
「Ｇスポットって、どんな感じで気持ちいいの？」="What does the G-spot feel like?
「気持ちいいところの中に、特に気持ちいい部分があって……そこにあたるとビビッて感じるよ」="There's a part of the g-spot that feels really good. ...... When you hit it, you feel a jolt.
「指でされるのと、舌でされるのは、どっちが気持ちいい？」="Which feels better, fingering or tonguing?
「どっちも気持ちいいよ？　あなたが上手だからなんだろうね～」="Which feels better?　I guess it's because you're so good at it.
「もし一日だけ女の子になれたら、とりあえずオナニーはしたいと思ってるんだ」="If I could be a girl for one day, I'd masturbate anyway.
「そうなの？　でも、男の子と女の子で、どんな風に感じ方が違うのかは興味あるかも」="Is that so?　But I would be interested to know how boys and girls feel differently.
「エッチなことじゃなくて、他のお話をしてほしいなぁ」="I don't want to talk about sex. I want you to talk about something else.
「エッチなことに興味津々すぎると思うなぁ」="I think you're too interested in sex.
