//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
触れてもいいけど、触り方には気を付けなさい？　粗相をしたら、噛み付くわよ？=It's fine if you want to touch, but be careful with how you go about it, okay? If you fuck it up, I'll bite your hand off, okay?
そんなにみっともなく大きくして、何を期待しているのかしら？=Popping such a disgraceful boner, just what are you looking forward so much to?
さぁ、私をイカせてみなさい？　貴方がどれくらい上手くなったか、見定めてあげるわ=Now then, try making me cum? I'll ascertain for myself just how skilled you've become.
私をイカせる事ができたら、たっぷりご褒美をあげるわ。それとも苛めて欲しい？=If you're able to make me cum, I'll reward you lots. Or would you prefer being teased instead?
いちいち視線を合わせてこないで、貴方の目、ギラついてて気持ち悪いわよ=Don't stare at every single part so much, your eyes, they're glittering, it's super creepy.
フフッ、もう息が荒いわよ？　最初からそんな調子で、大丈夫なのかしら？=Fufu--, your breath's already rough, you know? Will you be alright, going at it so hard right from the start?
フフッ、全力できなさい。私を満足させるのは、そう容易い事ではないわよ？=Fufu--, Use all your strength. Satisfying me is not as easy as you think, you know?
私の肌に触れられる事、光栄に思いなさい。本来なら、一生ありえないチャンスよ=Be honoured, that you even get to touch my skin. Normally, it's not something you'd ever get to do, not in your whole life.
好きに触る事を許可しているのだから、きちんと気持ちよくしなさい。それが貴方の役目よ=I'm allowing you to touch me wherever and however you want to, so make sure it's pleasurable. That's your duty.
何をしていても、主導権は常に私よ。どちらが上か、忘れない事=No matter what we do, the one in control will always be me. You musn't forget who's the top in this relationship.
呆れた性欲ね。いいわ、枯れるまで相手してあげる=What an astonishing sex drive. Alright then, I'll keep you company till you wither and die.
ふぅん、生意気にも私におねだり？　その、もの欲しそうな卑しい顔、踏みつけてやりたいわね=Hmmm, pleading me in such a cheeky manner? That vulgar, hungry looking face, it makes me wanna trample it.
また苛めてあげる。次はどう泣かせて欲しいのかしら？=I'll tease you again. How would you like to be made to cry next?
貴方の弱いところ、少しわかってきたわ。次はもっと、早くイカせてあげる=I think I've understood one of your weakpoints. Next time, I'll make you cum even faster.
何度でもしてあげるわよ。貴方の精液、根こそぎ搾り取るまではね=I can go for as many rounds as you want. Until I'll squeeze out your semen, all of it, even the roots.
フッ、チンポだけは一人前ね。誰にでも、一つくらいは取り柄があるという事かしら=Hah, the only thing mature about you is your dick. I suppose they do say that everyone has atleast one redeeming part to themselves.
もう少ししてみましょう。貴方の粗末なモノでも、感じられるようになってきたわ=Let's keep going a bit more. Seems like I am able to feel pleasure just fine, even with your crude thing.
フッ、それでいいのよ。貴方は私を満足させ続けなさい=Hah, that's fine just like that. Keep working hard to satisfy me.
まだまだ私はいけるわよ？　どちらが先に根をあげるか、勝負しましょう？=I can still keep going like this, you know? Why don't we have a little match, on which one of us can last the longest?
たまには男らしいところを見せるじゃない。いいわよ、その漢気を買ってあげる=Oh, so you can show your manly side from time to time. Fine, I'll admit it, right now, you're like a man among men.
まだいけるのね。貴方のそういう底なしなところ、嫌いじゃないわよ=Looks like you've still got some juice in you. That bottomless drive of yours, I don't hate it, you know.
もう少しだけ遊んであげる。でも、疲れて手を抜いたら、容赦なく踏みつけるわよ？=I'll play with you for a little bit longer. But, if you get tired and stop midway, I'll mercilessly trample you, okay?
フフッ、私を感じさせられるかしら？=Fufu--, I wonder if you're able to make me feel good?
さぁ、どう攻めるつもり？=Now, how do you plan to start the assault?
私を気持ちよくしなさい、命令よ=Make me feel good, that's an order.
私を存分に楽しませてちょうだい=Make me enjoy it to my heart's content.
ふーん、こういう時は紳士的なのね=Hmmm, you're sure very well-mannered at times like this.
フフッ、何を遠慮しているの？　今更良い子ぶっても無駄よ=Fufu--, what are you holding back for? There's no point in pretending to be a well-behaved person with things like manners at this point.
私を攻めたいなんて、思い切ったわね。いいわ、どこまでできるか、試させてあげる=Wanting to assault me, you sure are bold. Go ahead, I'll see for myself how well you can do it.
触れるなと言ったらどうする？　フッ、嘘よ、その困り顔が見たかっただけ=What would you do if I told you not to touch me? Hah, it was a joke, I just wanted to see that troubled face of yours.
私をどこまで感じさせれるか、期待させてもらうわ=I look forward to just how much pleasure you can make me feel.
なに、もうチンポは休憩なの？　はぁ、仕方ないわね=What, is your dick taking a break already? Haa, it can't be helped.
手違いで玉が潰れるかもしれないわね=I dunno, I may slip up and crush the balls by accident.
私の前で、無様な姿を晒しなさい=Lay bare your unsightly appearance before me.
泣いてもやめてあげないわよ=I won't stop even if you cry, okay?
たっぷり泣かせてあげる。チンポ壊れても、知らないわよ=I'll make you cry lots. It's not my problem if your dick breaks.
泣く程気持ちよくしてあげるわ。=I'll make you feel so good you'll break down crying.
自分から苛めて欲しいなんて、貴方やっぱりマゾ豚なのね=Saying yourself that you want to be bullied, you truly are an irredeemable masochistic pervert.
痛いのと辛いの、どっちが好き？　何？　気持ちよくしてもらえると思ったの？　貴方、甘いのよ=Between painful and harsh, which do you prefer? What? You thought I'd make you feel good for once? You truly are naïve.
少し練習させてもらうわ、痛くても我慢しなさい=I'll have to get some practice with it first, endure it even if it hurts.
貴方に頼まれたからじゃない。私がしたいからするの=It's not because you asked for it. I'm doing it because I want to.
その粗末なチンポを？　私が？　ふぅん、面白い事を言うじゃない=Me? To that crude and shabby dick of yours? Hmmm, ain't that an interesting preposition.
んっ、貴方のモノがどれ程のものか、確かめてあげる=Nn--, I'll check for myself, just how capable your thing is.
自分ばかり気持ちよくなろうとしない事、あくまで私が優先よ？=Don't think about only feeling good by yourself, you mustn't forget that I'm the one in control.
オマンコ、濡らしておいてあげたわ。貴方は下手だから、これくらいサービスしてあげないとね=I've got my pussy all wet and ready for you. You're kinda bad at this, I have to give you this much help at least.
ようやく心の準備ができた？　まったく本当に愚図ね、待ちくたびれたわ=Finally done preparing your heart? You truly are an irresolutive dullard, I'm tired of waiting.
私と繋がれることに感謝しなさい=Be thankful that you get to be connected with me.
どうぞ、やってみなさい。私のオマンコで、可愛がってあげる=Go ahead, give it a try. I'll torment you with my pussy.
フフッ、千切れるくらい締め付けてあげる。貴方のチンポ、どこまでもつかしら=Fufu--, I'll clamp down enough to tear it to pieces. I wonder how long your dick will be able to hold on.
フフッ、私の気が変わらないうちに、早く準備なさい=Fufu--, quickly get ready, before I change my mind.
ちんちん。ほら、ちんちんよ。私に挿れたいのなら、汚れがないかチェックしておかないとね=Dick. Come on, Show me your dick. If you want to stuff it into me, I'll have to make sure that it's not filthy.
ふぅん、貴方も懲りなわいね。私のマンコで、何度泣かされたか覚えてる？=Hmm, you don't learn your lesson, do you? Do you remember, just how many times you've been made to cry with my pussy?
避妊すら知らないの？　そんな野蛮で無能な子種を受け止める気はないわ=Do you not know the concept of even contraception? I have no desire to take in those uncivilized and incompetent seeds of yours.
興奮するのは構わないわ。ただ、そのまま続けようとしたら、わかってるわね？=I really don't care if you've gotten excited or not. Just, if you continue in that state, you know what'll happen, right?
挿れさせてあげているだけで感謝しなさい。貴方の汚い精液なんて、中に注がれるのは御免よ=Be thankful that I'm even letting you put it in. Spare me from having your filthy semen poured inside me.
乱れていいのは始めてからよ、最初から考え無しでは、始める事すらできないけれどね=After starting, it's okay to get rowdy, but if you act that inconsiderately from the beginning, you won't be able to get past even the start line.
危険日ってわかる？　出せば孕む日よ。責任なんて取れるわけないのに、イキがるのはやめなさい=Do you know what an unsafe day is? It's a day where you can get pregnant if you get it done inside. I know you're not going to take responsibility, so stop putting on airs.
考え無しに増えたがるところは本当に家畜ね。私をどこまで失望させる気？=You're truly livestock, with how increasingly inconsiderate you keep getting. Just how disappointed are you trying to make me?
貴方の子種なんて、一生無駄打ちがお似合いなの。私を孕ませようなんて、身の程を弁えなさい=Your seed, it deserves to be wasted, for it's purpose to go unfulfilled, for your whole life. Wanting to impregnate me, know your place.
私ね、あまり子供って好きじゃないのよ。だから子作りじゃなくて、ただ気持ちよくなりたいの=You know, I don't particularly like kids. That's why, rather than making children, I just want to feel good.
生の感触というのも、興味あるわね。安全日だし、ゴムは付けなくていいわよ=I do have some interest in trying out raw sex, feeling the sentation. It's a safe day anyway, you don't have to use a condom.
今日は生でさせてあげる。その変わり、私をきちんと感じさせる事=I'll let you do it raw today. In return, you have to work hard at making me feel good!
今日は生の日。私がいいと言っているのだから、遠慮は無用よ=We're doing it raw today. I'm telling you it's fine to do it raw, so your reservation and hesitation is unnecessary.
今日は生ハメ、してもいいわよ？　貴方の無駄に溜めた精子、全部搾り取ってあげる=You can do it raw today, you know? Your pointlessly accumulated sperm, I'll squeeze out every last bit.
出来たら出来たでその時よ、何かを怖がるなんて、私らしくなかったわね。いいわ、生でしなさい=If it happens, I'll deal with it then. It wasn't like me to be afraid of something. It's fine, do it raw.
えぇ、いいわよ=Yes, it's alright.
仕方ないわね=Can't be helped.
いいでしょう、許可してあげる=Sure, why not, I'll allow it.
フッ、好きになさい=Hah, Do as you like.
貴方に従うわけじゃない、私がしたいからするのよ=I'm not doing it because you said so, I'm doing it because I want to do it.
フフッ、どうぞ=Fufu--, Go ahead.
おねだり、聞いてあげるわ=I'll listen to your pleading.
任せなさい、気持ちよくしてあげる=Leave it to me, Ill make you feel really good!
いくらでも弄んであげるわよ=I'll play with you as much as you like!
フフフッ、よがり狂うまで、遊んであげる=Fufufu--, I'll play with you until you go mad from the pleasure!
たっぷり苛めてあげるわ、覚悟はできてる？=I'll play with you lots, have you prepared yourself?
貴方のプライド、ボロボロにしてあげるわ=Your pride, I'll tear it to shreds.
貴方は私に従っていればいいの、従属する悦びを教えてあげる=You just need to do what I say. I'll teach you the true happiness of subordination and dependence.
存分に楽しませてもらうわ=I'll enjoy myself to my heart's content.
貴方の鳴き声、もっと聞かせてちょうだい=Your cries, lemme hear more of them!
さて、どう苛めてあげようかしら。フフッ、頬が緩んでしまうわね=Now, how should I tease you? Fufu-- I'll make your cheeks go loose.
注文が多いわね=You sure have a lot of requests.
ふぅん、まぁいいわ=Hmmm, Well, fine.
私に指図するなんて、偉くなったものね=Giving me orders, you've sure gotten real high and mighty.
あら、何をするつもりかしら？=Oh my, what are you trying to do?
まったく、私に命令するなんて……=Good Grief, trying to order me about...
何かして欲しいなら、はっきり喋りなさい=If you want something specific done, then say it clearly.
別にいいけど、無駄な事をさせていたら、わかってるわね？=I don't particularly mind, if you do something pointless, you know what's in store for you, right?
へぇ、私を辱めようと言うの？　いい度胸ね=Heh, you're saying you want to violate me? That's some guts alright.
いいわ、変態趣味に付き合ってあげる。特別よ？=Alright, I'll go along with your perverted fetishes. This is an exception though, got it?
私を辱めるという事は、相応の覚悟が必要よ？=If you're going to be violating me, then you need a befitting amount of determination, okay?
貴方も相当な好きものね。褒めてないわよ？=You too have appropriate tastes. I'm not complimenting you, you know?
何故私がそんな事を？　本来なら貴方がする事よ？=Why should I do that sort of thing? Normally, you should be the one doing that.
面白そうね、やってあげましょう=Sounds interesting. Let's give it a try!
どうぞ、私を辱めてみなさい……できるものならね=Go ahead, violate me... That is, if you can.
いいけど、痛がってもやめないわよ=Well, I don't mind. I won't stop even if you cry out in pain, okay?
いいわよ、私によがらせて欲しいのね？=No problem, you want me to make you feel good, right?
私がしてあげないと、イケなくしてあげるわ=If I don't, who will? I'll make your dick cry out.
そう、私に調教されたいのね？　わかったわ=I see, you want to trained by me, huh? I got it.
苛めて欲しいのね。いいでしょう、やってあげる=You want to be bullied, don't you. Why not, I'll do it for you.
フフッ、失神するまでシゴいてあげるわ=Fufu--, I'll stroke it till you faint!
その無様にヒクついてるモノ、可愛がってあげる=That uncouthly twitching thing of yours, I'll tease it.
口で貴方の汚いモノを？　はぁ、仕方ないわね=Your dirty rod, with my mouth? Haa, can't be helped.
歯を立てても我慢しなさい、わざとやってるのよ=Even if you feel my teeth digging in, endure it, it's intentional.
いいわ、貴方の汚いチンポ、私が綺麗にしてあげる=Sure, your dirty thing, I'll clean it for you.
私に口でさせていいの？　一瞬でイカせてあげるわ=You sure you want it in my mouth? I'll make you come in an instant.
噛み千切ってやろうかしら？　なんてね、フフッ=Shall I bite it off? Just kidding, fufu--
そうね、みっともないくらい大きくなったソレ、丁度食べごろかしら=Indeed, that thing of yours, expanded to the point of being disgraceful, I suppose it's just ripe for eating.
お口で苛めて欲しいのね。フフッ、貴方のチンポ、唾液まみれにしてあげるわ=You want me to taste it with my mouth, don't you. Fufu--, your dick, I'll cover it with my saliva.
胸ね……男って、結局そこに落ち着くのかしら=My chest, huh... Boys, in the end, they feel right at home there, I suppose.
私の胸で喘ぎなさい=Struggle, from my chest.
おっぱい大好き甘えんぼ、どうしようもないわね、フフッ=Such a hopeless, breast-loving pampered child you are, Fufu--
チンポミルク、たっぷり搾り取ってあげるわ。フフッ、乳搾られね=Your dick milk, Ill squeeze out lots of it. Fufu, I'm milking it with my milkers.
胸で苛めてあげる=I'll tease you with my chest.
おっぱいおっぱいって、本当に好きよね。まぁ、私も嫌いじゃないけど=Going on and on about boobs, you really like them, don't you. Well, not like I hate them myself.
おっぱいは気持ちいいだけじゃないのよ？　本当は怖いおっぱい、教えてあげる=Tits aren't something that can only make you feel good, you know? I'm going to show you just how scary they can be.
どう？　これでいいの？=How is it? Is this fine?
で？　次は？=So? What's next?
これでいいでしょ？=This is fine, right?
さぁ、どうするの？=Now then, what are you going to do?
それで？　ここからどうするの？=And? Where do we go from here?
ちょっとニヤけすぎよ、気持ち悪いからやめなさい=You're grinning a bit too much, it's gross so quit it.
何を企んでるのか知らないけど、さっさとしなさい=I don't know what you're scheming, but quickly get it over with.
さて、それじゃあここからね=Now then, the real show starts here!
フフッ、心の準備なんて、させてあげないわよ？=Fufu--, I'm not going to do something like give you the time to prepare your heart.
良い眺めね、昂ってきたわ=What a nice view. I'm getting excited.
さて、ショータイムね。私が満足するまで、楽しませてもらうわ=Now then, it's showtime. I'll have fun with you until I'm satisfied.
ほら、いくわよ？=Look alive, I'm starting!
チンポ勃てすぎよ。何を期待しているのかしら？=Your dick's too erect. Just what are you looking forward to so much?
覚悟なさい、ザーメン搾り切るまで止まらないわよ=Prepare yourself, I'm not going to stop until I've squeezed out every last drop of semen!
貴方のこだわりはいいから、早くしなさい=I don't care about your fixations or obsessions or anything, just get on with it.
ほら、これでいいでしょ？　言う通りにしてあげたわよ、感謝なさい=Look, it's fine like this, right? I'm doing as you told me to, be thankful.
ちょっと見過ぎよ、触るんじゃなかったの？=You're staring too much, did you not want to touch me up?
それで、どこを触ってくれるの？　フフッ、貴方、手が震えてるわよ？=So, where are you going to touch? Fufu--, your hands are shaking, you know?
細かい男ね、そう何回もは付き合わないわよ？=What a finicky guy, I won't go along with this again and again, you know?
何でもいいから、早くしなさい。女を待たせるなんて、最悪よ？=Anything is fine, just get to it already. Making a girl wait like this, it's the worst crime as a man, you know?
この私に言う事を聞かせたのだから、相応のものを期待してるわ。応えてみせなさい=You've talked a big game to me, so I'm expecting a suitable response. Show me what you're made of.
こういう格好が好きなの？　変態ね=You like this sort of pose? What a pervert.
何をジロジロ見ているの？　早く始めなさい=What are you gawking at? Get to it, quickly.
どこを見ているの？　けがれ切った目で見ないで欲しいわね=Where are you pointing those eyes at? I'd prefer if you wouldn't stare at me with those depraved eyes of yours.
ほら、早くしなさい。愚図は嫌いと、何度言ったらわかるの？=Come on, get on with it. How many times do I have to tell you that I hate dullards before you'll get it?
んっ、これで満足？　変態趣味にも困ったものね=Nn--, Satisfied with this? Even perverted habits are hard to deal with, aren't they?
息を荒くしないで、気持ち悪いわ=Don't breath so roughly, it's gross.
私に恥ずかしい格好をさせたつもりでしょうけど、貴方の方がよっぽど恥ずかしい事になっているわよ？=I'm sure you were trying to put me in an embarrassing position, but you're in a much more shameful position than I am, you know?
いつ見ても気持ち悪い顔ね。今は特にいやらしい顔をしているわ=No matter when, you always have a disgusing face. But today especially, your expression is extremely obscene.
フフッ、どうせするなら、貴方の情けない顔を見れた方が楽しいわよね=Fufu--, if we're going to do this, might as well have some fun looking at your pathetic face too!
恥ずかしがってるフリしても、目を見ればわかるわよ、情欲に歪んだ、ケモノみたいな目だわ=No matter how much you pretend to be bashful and shy, I can tell just from looking at your eyes. Those eyes, warped with perversion and lust, they're like a beast's eyes.
フッ、見飽きた顔ね。でも、その顔を歪ませるのは、何度やっても飽きないわ=Hah, I've already grown bored of that expression. But, distorting and twisting that expression is something I could never grow bored of, no matter how much I do it.
あら、苛めて欲しいって顔をしているわね。違った？=Oh my, that expression, it's like you're asking me to tease and bully you. Did I get it wrong?
そのギラついた目を、涙でぐしょぐしょにしてやるのが好きなの。さぁ、始めましょ？=Those glittering eyes of yours, I love making them soaking wet with tears. Now then, shall we start?
ほら、目を背けないで。私の事をじっと見て、誰が気持ちよくしてくれるのか、きちんと覚えなさい=Come on, don't avert your eyes. Look carefully at me, clearly remember who it is that's going to make you feel good.
お尻の穴は見ない事。貴方、わかりやすいから、嘘をついてもすぐバレるわよ？=You musn't look at my butthole. You're easy to read, so even if you try to lie about it, it's extremely easy to tell.
こんな体勢でしたいなんて、貴方歪んでるわね=Wanting to do it in this position, you really are twisted inside.
フフッ、犬みたいに腰を振って、私を満足させてみなさい=Fufu--, shake your hips like the dog you are, and satisfy me.
ほらチャンスよ。私の事、めちゃくちゃにしてみなさい？=Look, it's your chance. Why not try messing me up completely?
顔が見えないからって、調子に乗ってはダメよ？=Just because we can't see each other's face, doesn't mean it's okay for you to get carried away, you know?
いい？　あくまで私がさせてあげているの。あまり勝手な事をすると、後が怖いわよ？=Listen. You must remember that it is me who's letting you do this. If you get carried away by yourself, I'll do some really scary stuff to you later, okay?
貴方の好きにやってみなさい。でも、きちんと私を気持ちよくすること、絶対よ=Do as you like. But, you must absolutely make sure to make me feel good, okay?
まさかここまで変態だったなんて、少し見誤ったわ=To think you were perverted to this extent, looks like I misread you a bit.
くだらない真似は考えない事ね、その粗末なモノが使えなくなっても知らないわよ=Don't even think about doing something stupid, otherwise, don't come to me if you can't use your crude thing anymore.
よくもまぁ、こんな体位でしてみようと思うわね。私まで変態だと思われそうだわ=Some nerve, thinking of trying this position. I'll be thought of as a pervert too at this rate.
ひどいわねぇ、女にこんな恥ずかしい格好をさせるなんて……少しお仕置きが必要かしら=You're so awful, putting a girl in such an embarrassing position... Looks like a bit of punishment is in order, huh?
貴方、本当に恐れ知らずね。その愚かさ、最後まで貫ければ大したものよ=You really know no fear or apprehension, do you? That foolishness of yours, if you can carry it out till the end, I'll be genuinely impressed.
ふぅん、随分刺激的な事をしてくれるわね。昂ってきたわ、このままイカせてみなさい=Hmmm, you're planning quite the stimulating thing, huh. I'm all for it, make me cum like this.
フフッ、楽しんでるようね。終わった後に泣いてる貴方の姿が、私には想像できるわ=Fufu--, looks like you're enjoying yourself. I can already see in my head, your crying figure, after it's over.
二人がかりで苛められているのに、まだ足りないのね=Even though two people are teasing you simultaenously, it's still not enough, huh?
そうこなくてはね。私一人になったとしても、搾り尽くしてあげるわ=That's what it comes to, in the end. Even if I'm doing it by myself, I'll squeeze you for all your worth!
えぇ、貴方が枯れ果てるまで、続けてあげるわ=Yes, I'll keep going until you completely dry up.
その威勢がいつまでもつか、私達が見届けてあげるわ=We'll see for ourselves, just how long you can hold on being that energetic!
どっちに挿れたいの？　もちろん私よね？　んぅ？　どうなの？=Who do you want to put it into? It's of course me, isn't it? Hmm? What'll it be?
どちらに挿れるか、選ぶのは貴方よ……でも、わかってるわね？=Which one to stuff it into, the one who decides that is you... But, you know, right?
フフッ、いいわよ=Fufu--, Sure.
楽しませてもらうわ=I'll enjoy myself.
あら、交代はしないの？　私の虜になってしまったかしら？=Oh my, are you not going to swap? Have you completely become enslaved by me?
ふふ、貴方のその汚らしいチンポ、他の子に挿れたらその子が可哀相だものね=Fufu, that dirty and filthy dick of yours, if you put it in anyone else, I'll feel bad for them.
私に夢中になるのはいいけど、もう一人いる事を忘れてはダメよ？=It's fine if you're obsessed with me, but you can't forget about the other person in this arrangement, you know?
そう、貴方のチンポは私のモノ。躾を覚えていたのね？　偉いわよ=That's right, your dick is mine. You remember your training, huh? Well done.
へぇ、交代はしないのね……私に挿れるのは、そんなに怖い？=Heh, you won't swap over, huh... Is it that scary, the idea of putting it inside me?
二人相手にしたら、貴方、すぐにイっちゃうんじゃない？=If you get worked on by 2 girls, won't you come near instantly?
いいわ、二人で徹底的に苛めてあげる。チンポどうなっても知らないわよ？=Alright, we'll tease you thorougly together. Don't complain later, no matter what happens to your dick, alright?
ふぅん、私には飽きたっていうの？　生意気ね=Hmmm, are you saying that you're bored of me? Ain't ya cheeky?
貴方のチンポにも飽きてきたし、丁度いいんじゃない？=I was bored of your dick as well, doesn't this work out perfectly?
ごめんなさいね。この豚は、私に苛められるのが好きみたい=Sorry about that. This pig, looks like he loves being teased by me.
さぁ、私達を満足させられるかしら？=let's see, will you be able to satisfy us?
フフッ、皆でするのも悪くないわね=Fufu--, doing it all together isn't bad either.
二人を相手にするからって、手を抜いたら承知しないわよ=Just because you're doing two of us at once, I won't forgive you if you take out your hand.
悪いわね、このチンポを苛めるのは、私の日課みたいなものなの=Sorry, teasing this cock is kinda like my daily routine.
さて、お手並み拝見ね。手だけでも、私を満足させてみなさい=Now then, let's see what you've got. Satisfy me, using nothing but your hand.
フフッ、顔に乗るのも捨てがたいけれど、貴方を苛めるならこっちよね=Fufu--, As much as I'd like to ride your face, if I want to tease you, I gotta do it from here, don't I?
ほら、もっと大きくなさい。食べ応えのないチンポなんて、潰しちゃうわよ？=Come on, make it even bigger. This weak, unsubstantial dick, I'll crush it.
私の下で窒息しないようにね？　手加減は一切してあげないわよ=Be careful not to choke on my lower half, okay? I'm not going to go easy on you.
次も手加減せずに二人で苛めてあげるわ=We'll bully you to death this time too.
二人を相手にどこまで虚勢を張れるのかしら？　楽しみね=Just how long will you be able to keep that bravado up for? I can't wait to see you crack.
そんなに二人に責められたいなんて、骨の髄までマゾなのね=I can't believe you want us to bully you that much, you really are a masochist to your very bones, aren't you?
私達も満足していなかったわ。とことん苛めてあげるから、感謝しなさい=We weren't satisfied either. We'll bully you to death, so be grateful.
いいわ。貴方が情けなくイクところを二人で見ててあげる=Alright. We'll watch you cum pathetically together.
貴方のチンポがダメになるまで、二人で搾り取ってあげるわ=We'll wring your dick out until it breaks and goes limp.
キツイお仕置きが嫌なら、私のことをしっかり感じさせなさい=If you don't want to be punished later, pleasure me properly.
どうしたの？　好きに触っていいのよ？=What's up? You can touch me as you like, you know?
見てるだけで大きくして、はしたないわよ=Getting hard just from staring, so disgraceful!
女はたくさん見る所があっていいでしょう？　男はチンポだけだものね=Isn't it nice that girls have lots of places for guys to look at? Boys only have dicks.
待てとは言ってないわよ？　変な時に遠慮する癖、直しなさい=I haven't told you to stop, you know? That habit of showing tact and thoughtfulness at weird times, fix it.
今になって怖気付いたの？　情けないわね=Chickening out after coming all the way here? Truly pathetic, aren't you.
触っていいと言っているのに、何を怯えているの？=I'm telling you that it's fine to touch, what are you so scared of?
焦らしてるつもり？　なら失敗ね、興奮するどころか、逆に萎えてるわ=Planning to make me wait for it? If so, you've failed. If anything, rather than becoming excited, I'm actually kinda not feeling like it anymore.
はぁ、ほんと愚図ね、どこでもいいから触ってみなさい=Haa, you truly are a dullard, any place is fine, so just touch me.
見ても何も変わらないわよ？　するなら早くなさい=Even if you stare at it, nothing's gonna change, you know? If you're going to do it, then get on with it.
女を品定めするのはやめなさい、悪趣味よ=Stop always rating women like that, it's in bad taste.
今更どう取り繕っても無駄よ、私に触りたくて、たまらないのでしょ？=No matter how much you try to pretend to be cool, it's pointless. You can't bear it, can you, your desire to touch me?
いざとなると余計な事を考え過ぎね、いつもは本能で生きている癖に=When push comes to shove, you always ovethink things, even though you behave purely on instinct for everything else.
口のケアくらいしておきなさい。少し臭いわよ=Atleast try to take care of your mouth. It stinks a bit.
キス、いいわね、ずっとしていたくなるわ=Kissing, it's really nice, I feel like wanting to be like this forever.
もっと奥まで、舌を絡めなさい、口全体で、感じ合うのよ=Mix your tongue with mine, all the way to the back. I want to feel you, with my whole tongue.
どうしてかしらね、力が抜けてくわ=I wonder why, I feel my strength leaving my body.
もう濡れてきたわ、キスだけで感じるなんてね……=I'm already wet, to think I'd feel this good just from a kiss...
私の唾液、飲ませてあげるっ、んべっ、ほら、たくさん飲みなさい=My saliva, I'll let you drink it, *nnbeh*, here, drink lots.
（初めてのキス）私のファーストキスよ、今のキスを一生忘れないこと=This is my first kiss, you mustn't forget this experience for your whole life.
んっ、唇が離れると……少し寂しくなるわね=Nn--, when our lips part... It feels a bit lonely.
舌は入れてこないのね、甘いキスなんて、お互い柄じゃないと思うけど=You didn't put your tongue in, did you, although a sweet kiss like that would be out of character for both of us I feel.
目がトロンとしてしまったわね、そんな状態で、私を気持ちよくできるの？=Your eyes look quite intoxicated. Can you really make me feel good, in that sort of state?
キスでも感じるのね……体が火照ってきたわ=Even a kiss feels great... My body feels like it's burning up!
キス、もっとしてても良かったのよ？=I wouldn't have minded if we kissed longer, you know?
勝手に唇を離さないで、どれだけ求めてるいるかくらい、察しなさい=Don't part our lips as you please, try to symapthize with how much I've been wanting it.
もっと唾液が欲しかったら、いつでも言いなさい=If you ever want more of my saliva, just say the word.
キス、いいわね……キス魔の気持がわかった気がするわ=Kissing sure is great... I feel like I've understood a bit about how all those kiss-addicts feel.
これから貴方のご褒美は、全部キスにしましょうか=From now on, shall we have all your future rewards be kisses?
はぁっ、キスだけでイケそうよ、試してみる？=Haa--, I feel like orgasming just from kissing, wanna try it out?
んぷっ、ごちそうさま。濃厚なキス、楽しませてもらったわ=**nnpuh**, thanks for the treat. Such a rich kiss, I enjoyed it a lot.
ねぇ、もう一度していいわよ？　いえ、しなさい=Hey, we can kiss one more time, you know? No, kiss me one more time.
キス、もっと練習しましょうか、貴方、ヘタクソなんだもの=Shall we practice kissing some more? After all, you suck so much at it.
キスはちょっと反則ね、何でも許してしまいそうになるわ=Kissing is kinda unfair. I feel like I'll end up saying yes, no matter how many times you ask.
唇が寂しいわね……もう一度キス、しましょうか。もっと激しくね=My lips feel lonely... Shall we kiss one more time? More rough this time.
こら、立場を弁えなさい、キスなんてダメよ=Hey now, know your place, kissing is no good.
やめなさい、キスしたいのなら、私の下僕になってからよ=Stop that, if you want to kiss, you can do it after you become my manservant.
気持ち悪い顔を近付けないで、吐き気がするわ=Don't bring your disgusting face closer, it'll make me gag!
んっ、そうよ、優しくなさい=Nn--, that's right, be gentle.
強くしても構わないわよ=I don't mind if you put in a bit more power, you know?
火照ってきたわ、いい感じよ=I'm burning up, it feels nice!
どう？　これが女の身体よ=How is it? This is a girl's body!
もっと気持ちよくしてみなさい=Try enjoying yourself more.
好きになさい、気持ちよくできるのならね=Do as you like, if you can do it in a pleasurable way, that is.
そこっ、んぅっ、何でもないわ=That Place--, Nn--, It's nothing.
少しは私の体をわかってきたみたいね=Looks like you've understood my body a bit.
これが、私の感じてる顔よ、よく覚えておきなさい=This is the expression I make, when I'm feeling pleasure, remember it properly.
そう、丁寧にほぐしていきなさい=Yes, like that, carefully loosen it up.
フフッ、貴方、みっとないくらい勃起してるわよ=Fufu--, You're sporting quite the disgraceful boner there.
一箇所だけじゃなくて、たくさん弄っていのよ=Rather than just focusing only on one specific spot, you can play with lots of it, you know?
まぁまぁね、少しは感じるわ=It's alright, I suppose. I feel a bit good.
さぁ、お手並み拝見ね=Now then, time to see what you've got!
私の身体、どこが好きかしら？=Which part do you like the most on my body?
相変わらずヘタクソね、何も学んでいないじゃない=You suck, as usual. You haven't learned a thing, have you!
ふぅん、そうよね、貴方は痛くされた方が好きだものね=Hmmm, Indeed, it's like that, you prefer being hurt, don't you!
あのね、怒らないんじゃないの、呆れてるのよ=You know, I'm not angry, I'm just a disappointed.
貴方が汚れる分には構わないけど、私にまで迷惑をかけないで頂戴=I don't particularly care if you get dirty or not, but I'd prefer if you'd not make any trouble for me.
どうしてもお尻が気になるのか……困った奴だ=You really wanna try it out in my butt, no matter what huh... What a hopeless guy.
もう何を言っても無駄だな……好きにすればいい=At this point, there's no point in saying anything, is there... Do as you like.
んきゅっ、そこっ、なにっ……=*Nnkyu--*, That place--, What--...
弱い部分を攻めるのは基本よ、わかってるじゃない=Targetting the weakpoints is the basic stuff, looks like you get it.
弱点を知られているというのも、一概に悪くないわね=Having your weakpoints be known, it's not unconditionally bad.
あぁ、そこ、いいわっ=Aaah, That place--, Feels great--
んぃっ、しつこいわね、弱いところばかりっ=Nnu--, So stubborn, only aiming for my weak point--
いいわよぉ、そこ、もっとしなさいっ=It's fine--, that place, do it more--
弱いところ、まかさ貴方に見つけられるなんて=To think my weakpoint was spotted by you!
そこなら、貴方でも感じさせられるわよ=if it's that place, I can make you feel good there too!
そうよ、それでいいの、ヘタクソなんだから、妙な見栄は張らなくていいの=That's right, It's fine like that, you're shit at it anyway, no need to put on weird airs!
先は特に敏感なのよっ……んんぅっ=The tip is especially sensitive--... Nnnnuu--
貴方のチンポと同じよ、気持ちよくなると、勃起するの=They're the same as your dick, when they feel good, they go erect.
勃起乳首、そんなに刺激されたら、流石に声がでるわっ=My erect nipples, if you stimulate them that much, I can't help but moan--
そこは、強く摘まんだりしてはダメよ？=That place, you mustn't pinch it too hard!
乳首ばかりは卑怯よ、もっと他のところでも、感じさせなさい=Focusing only on my nipples is unfair, try stimulating some other places as well!
もっと乳首弄っていいわよ、乳首だけで、イって見せましょうか？=You can play with them even more, shall we try making me cum, just from my nipples?
あぁ、先、すぐに硬くなってしまうわ=Aaah, the tips, they're going to get stiff instantly!
目立つのわかるのけど、ちょっと弄り過ぎよっ=I know it's a bit conspicuous but, you're playing with them a bit too much.
乳首いいわぁっ、好きなだけ弄りなさい=Ah, my nipples feel great, play with them as much as you want!
まぁ、わかりやすい弱点よね……=Well, it is an obvious weak point...
あぁ、愛液、止まらなくなるわっ=Aaah, my love juice, it keeps coming--
マンコもっと弄りなさい、上手くやれば、潮吹きも見れるわよ=Play with my pussy even more, if you do it well, you'll even get to see me squirt!
他人に攻められると、また違うわねっ=When you have someone else do it, it feels very different, doesn't it?
そういうところですもの、感じても変ではないわ=It's that kind of a place after all, even if I feel pleasure from it, it's not weird!
もどかしいわね、強引にしても大丈夫よ、怒らないわ=It's too tantalizing, it's fine if you want to do it stronger, I won't get angry.
うぅっ、あまり弄ると、すぐグショグショに……=Uuu--, If you play with it that much, I'll go sopping wet in an instant...
我ながら、凄い匂いをさせてるわね、発情したメスの匂いよ=Even for me, that's a really strong smell isn't it, it's the smell of a female in heat.
あぁ、マン汁溢れ過ぎて、おもらししたみたいに……=Aah, so much pussy juice is flowing out, it looks like I've wet myself...
実は、お尻、好きなのよ=The truth is, I love it in my butt!
アナルで感じるのは普通、だってこんなに気持ちいいのよ=Orgasming from your butt is normal, after all, it feels so good!
自分で弄るのとは違うわね、もどかしいけど、それがいいわ=It feels different from when I usually play with it myself, It's very tantalizing but, that tantalizement feels great!
お尻の穴、じっくり弄っても問題ないわよ=My asshole, even if you go at it slowly and thouroughly, it's no problem you know.
お尻の快感を知らない人は損してるわね=People who don't know the pleasure of having it in their butt are losing out!
ねぇ、貴方のアナル開発は、いつから始めましょうか？=Hey, when should we start working on your own butt?
貴方だって、開発すればすぐ感じるようになるわ=Even you, if we work on it, you'll start feeling pleasure from your own ass too.
どれだけ弄っても大丈夫よ、全部感じるから=You can play with it as much as you like, I can feel pleasure from every bit!
アナルでの感じ方なら、全部教えてあげるわよっ、フフッ=If it's knowing how to feel pleasure from anal, I'll teach you all about it anytime, Fufu--
（拒否して外される）無作法ね、もっと勉強してきなさい=So rude, go learn a bit more.
（拒否して外される）ヘタクソっ、全然気持ちよくないわ=You suck, it doesn't feel good at all!
（拒否して外される）やめなさいっ、同じことをしてあげましょうか？=Stop it, shall I do the same to you?
（拒否して外される）そこは貴方が触れていい場所じゃないわ=That's not a place that's okay for you to touch!
（拒否して外される）汚いところを触りたがるのは、貴方が汚れてるからよ=The reason why you wanna touch that filthy place, is because you're a filthy person yourself.
（拒否して外される）お尻を弄ろうなんて、頭おかしいんじゃないの=Wanting to feel up my asshole, are you sure you're right in the head?
（強すぎて拒否）そんなものを使いたいの？　私は嫌よ=You wanna use that thing? No thanks, I'm good!
（強すぎて拒否）どこで買うのよそういうの、でも、無駄遣いだったわね=Where do you even get that sort of stuff? In any case, it was a waste of money!
（強すぎて拒否）大人のオモチャってやつね、貴方は子供だからまだダメよ=That's an adult toy, isn't it, you're still a kid so sorry but no.
このっ、揉み方がいやらしいわね……=This--, way of rubbing is pretty obscene...
へぇ、なかなかいい感じに揉んでくれるじゃない=Heh, you're pretty good at rubbing and massaging.
そうよ、揉んでほぐして、きちんと感じる体にしなさい=Yes, just like that, rub it, loosen it up, make my body thoroughly sensitive.
別に私の体は、凝ってないわよっ=It's not like my body's particularly stiff, you know?
サービスがいいじゃない、何かご褒美が欲しいの？=That's some nice servicing, do you want any particular reward or something?
揉むのはいいけど、息が荒くて気持ち悪いわよ=Rubbing them is fine and all but, seeing you breath heavily like that is super creepy.
好きなだけ揉みなさい、たまには欲求不満を解消してあげないとね=Rub them as you like, we all have to relieve stress from time to time.
いつも揉みたがっているものね。ほら、待望のおっぱいよ、堪能なさい=You've been wanting to rub them this whole time, right? Here, my tits, they're waiting for you, have your fill!
おっぱいおっぱいって、まるで大きな赤ん坊ね、フフッ=Going on and on about tits, it's like you're a big baby, Fufu--
お尻をほぐしてどうするつもり？　入れたくなったの？=For what are you loosening up my ass? Did you get the urge to put it in?
あまり激しくしてはダメよ、形を整えるの、大変なんだから=You shouldn't be too rough, it's a pain to get their shape back in order.
こら、何かのスイッチと勘違いしていない？=Hey now, aren't you confusing it with some sort of switch?
そんな指先だけでいいの？　随分慎み深いのね=Are you fine with just using your fingertip? You're being rather cautious for once.
勃起乳首つつくと、押し返すでしょう？　フフッ=When you poke my nipples, they push back, don't they? Fufu--
そんな恐る恐るしないで、ズムっといきなさいっ=Don't do it so timidly, put some back behind it!
んんっ……変な声が出たじゃない=Nnn--... You made me let out such a strange moan!
つつくだけで満足？　したいこと、してみなさいな。できればの話だけれど=Are you satisfied with just poking? If you want to do something, do it. That is, if you can.
つついた後にね、指先で転がすのっ、んぅっ、そうよ、上手くできてるわ=After poking a bunch, you're going to roll them around with your fingertips, huh--, Nnn--, Like that, yes, you're doing well.
あまり押し込むと、戻ってこなくなりそうよっ=If you push them in that hard, feels like they wouldn't come back out--
ん、悪くない刺激よ=Nn--, this stimulation ain't bad.
フフッ、貴方の乳首もつついてあげましょうか？=Fufu--, shall I poke your nipples as well?
あぁっ、伸びたりしたら、承知しないわよっ=Aaah--, If they get stretched out, I won't forgive you--
んぅっ、貴方の小さいのとは違って、私の乳首は敏感なのよっ=Nnn--, Unlike your small ones, my nipples are very sensitive--
んぁっ、乳首、やっぱり伸びてる気がするわ=Nnahh--, My nipples, I really do feel like they're stretching out--
いいわっ、勃起乳首、もっとシゴきなさい=That's great---, my erect nipples, stroke them even more!
んぁっ、体ごと、引っ張られるみたいよっ=nnahh--, I feel like my whole body's being pulled along--
これは私の乳首よ、引っ張ってもあげないわ=These are my nipples, I won't let you have them even if you pull on them that hard!
勃起乳首、どこまで伸びるのかしら、んんっ……=My erect nipples, I wonder how far will they stretch out, Nnn--...
んんっ、悪戯するとこじゃないわよっ=Nnn--, that's not a place you can play around with--
あぁっ、胸の感覚が、乳首に全部集中したみたいにっ……=Aaah--, the sensation in my chest, I feel like all of it is concentrated in my nipples...
あぁっ、硬くなったとこ、潰すようにっ……貴方、恐れ知らずが過ぎるわよっ=Aaah--, pressing down on my hard place, as if to crush it... You're too fearless--
そこは弄るところじゃないわよ=That's not a place you can play around with!
んもぅ、触ってもいいけど、一言許可を取りなさい=Nnmu, It's fine if you want to touch, but atleast ask for permission first!
やっぱり来たわね、絶対弄りたがると思っていたわ=It's time for this, huh, I was just thinking that you'd absolutely play with them.
いい感じに蒸れてるわよ、奥までじっくりほぐしなさい=It's all stuffy and nice, loosen it up all the way to the back.
んくっ、お尻は特に、優しくしなさいっ……=nnkuh--, Please be gentle, especially with my butt--
お尻でして欲しいなら、自分でほぐしておきなさい=If you want to do it with my butt, loosen it up yourself!
貴方の手、もう私のお尻が匂いが、染み付いているんじゃない？=Isn't your hand completely stained with the the smell of my ass now?
変な気分ね、貴方にお尻を弄られるなんて=Quite the weird feeling, having you play with my butt.
ほんと、アナル好きよね。何がそこまで惹きつけるの？=You really like my ass, don't you? Just what is it that attracts you so?
アナルの皺を一つ一つ伸ばすように、丁寧にするのよ=Do it thouroughly, so as to stretch out every single wrinkle in my ass, one by one!
大事な場所よ、乱暴にしたら、お仕置き程度では済まないから=It's my important place, if you go berserk in it, simply punishment won't be enough to pay for it, okay?
自分で触るのとは、やはり違うものね=As I thought, it really does feel quite different from when I touch it myself.
誰かさんのせいで、すぐに濡れようになってしまったわ=Because of a certain somebody, I got wet near instantly!
もうぐしょ濡れよ、ほぐさなくても、すぐに入れられるわ=It's already sopping wet, even if you don't loosen it up any further, it'll go in super easily.
貴方のモノと違って繊細なの、丁寧に扱いなさい=Unlike your thing, it's very delicate, handle it with care!
小慣れた手つきで触られても、可愛気がないわね=Even if you touch it with those somewhat skilled hands of yours, it doesn't particularly make me feel anything for you!
そう、いきなり入れないで、周りを刺激するの、もっとマンコに期待させなさい=That's right, don't put it in all of a sudden, stimulate the surrounding area, make my pussy long for it.
強く擦るのは、濡れてからよっ=You should rub it that strongly, after getting it wet--
いい？　触らせてあげてるのよ？　そこを忘れてはダメ=Listen up, I'm letting you touch me, okay? You musn't forget that.
マンコの奥、疼いてきたわ、そろそろ中も弄りなさい=The back of my pussy, it's starting to throb, get to playing with my insides too already!
お尻は濡れないわよっ、擦っても熱くなるだけ=My asshole's not going to get wet, you know, even if you rub it, it's only going to get hot!
私のお尻を開発するつもりね、まったく、どこまで変態なの=Plan to train my asshole, huh, good grief, just how much of a pervert are you?
入口ばかり刺激されると、おかしくなりそうよ、早く中も弄りなさい=If you keep stimulating the entrance, it'll become weird, get to playing with my insides as well already!
ほら、指くらいすんなり入るから、遠慮せずにほじくりなさい=Come on, you should easily able to get a finger in there, don't hold back and dig it up completely!
んぅ、お尻がヒクヒクするわ=Nnn, my ass feels like it's twitching!
焦らすのと愚図は違うのよ、貴方はもちろん愚図の方=There's a difference between a dullard and someone who knows how to keep someone in suspense, and you are of course the former.
擦ってるだけで満足なの？　ずっぽり指を入れたいのでしょう？=Satisfied with just rubbing it? You really want to put your finger in all the way, don't you?
色々あるのに、何でお尻なのよっ=Even though there's many different places, just why did you pick my butt--
気持ち良くするのが貴方の役目よ、もどかしくして終わりではないの=Your duty is making me feel good, not doing it slowly all the way to the end!
こら、手抜きしてないで、しっかり穴の中で感じさせなさい=Hey now, don't avoid it, properly make the insides feel good!
んっ、指が、あぁっ、入ってきてるわっ=Nnn--, your finger, Aaah--, it's going in--
中、きちんと、気持ちよくするのよ=Properly make my insides feel good!
奥までかきまぜなさい、いやらしい音、させてもいいわよ=Churn it up all the way to the back, making lewd obscene sounds while doing it is fine too!
中、もうトロトロでしょ？　待ちきれなくて、濡らしておいたわ=The insides are all sticky now, aren't they? I couldn't wait anymore, I've already gotten so wet!
そこは、乱暴にしてはダメよ……=You mustn't be too rough and careless in there...
指の感触、悪くないわ、私の弱いところは、もうわかってるわね？=The sensation of a finger in there, it's not bad at all. My weakspot, you already know it, don't you?
指の本数、増やしてもいいわよ、もっと大きく拡げなさい=You can use more fingers if you'd like, spread it out even more!
指で私の中探られてる……んぅ、いやらしいわね=My insides are being groped around with fingers... nnn, so obscene!
そうよ、入口の周り、浅い所なぞられるのもいいわ=That's right, having the shallow area around the entrance traced along is fine too.
指、つかまえたわよ、イクまでマンコ離さないから、覚悟しなさい=I've got a hold of your finger, I won't release it from my pussy until I cum, so prepare yourself!
んぃっ、本当に入れたのね……まったく=nnii--, You really did put it in, huh... Good grief!
お尻はまだ、異物感が強いわね……んぅっ=I still feel a very strong foreign sensation in my ass... nnuu--
さぁ、そこからどう動かすのかしら、アナルで感じさせてみなさい=Now then, let's see what you can do from there, try to make me cum from my ass.
指くらいじゃ物足りないけど、まぁ、それでも気持ちいい事は確かね=A finger by itself is kinda not enough, but well, it is true that it feels very nice.
んくっ、お尻、指でも十分熱いわっ=Nnkuh--, For my butt, even just fingers alone are intense enough!
フフッ、指くらいならすんなりよ、抵抗がなくて寂しい？=Fufu--, If it's just a finger, then it'll go right in, feeling sad because of the lack of resistance?
ちゃんと爪は切ってる？　男として、最低限のマナーよ=Do you diligently take care of your nails? As a boy, that's the minimum courtesy and manners you should have.
ゆっくりよ？　動かす時はゆっくりしなさい=Take it slow, alright? When you move, do it slowly!
探してみなさい、アナルにもたくさん感じるところはあるわよ=There are plenty of sensitive spots even in a person's ass, so look for them.
少し緩くなってるかしら、感じればちゃんと締まるから、安心なさい=I think it's becoming a bit loose. I'll clamp around if I feel good though, so rest assured.
他人の指に勝手に弄られるというのは、んぅっ、想像以上ね=Being touched up by another person's finger as they please, Nnn--, it's better than I thought it'd be.
さぁ、私が感じやすいところ、わかるかしら？=Now then, have you figured out my weak spot, the place where I'm the most sensitive?
んふっ、酷い音ね、耳まで犯されている気分よ=nfuu--, what an awful sound, it feels like even my ears are being violated!
フフッ、少し濡らし過ぎかしら、まぁ、貴方の指がふやけるくらい、いいわよね=Fufu--, I wonder if it's a bit too wet, well, It's just about the right about to seep into your fingers, isn't it?
好き放題してくれるじゃない、感じているからいいけど=Aren't you doing as you please a bit too much, well, it feels good so whatever!
ほら、締め付けてあげるわ、折角拡げたのに、残念ね=Here, Ill tighten up around you. You finally got it stretched out all the way too, truly regrettable.
ほら、わかる？　これが発情したメスの匂いよ=Here, can you tell? This is the scent of a bitch in heat.
そうよ、ほぐせば、すぐに濡れてくるから=That's right, if you loosen it up, it'll get wet real fast!
そう、そこがいわゆるＧスポットよ……覚えておきなさい=That's right, that's the so-called G-spot... Remember it.
その調子よ、頑張って潮吹きさせてみなさい=Yes, just like that, keep at it and make me squirt!
こら、無理矢理拡げないっ、デリケートなところよ=Hey, don't spread it out willy nilly, it's a delicate place!
いいわ、もう少し奥まで入れてみなさい=Feels great, try going a bit deeper!
私だけお尻を開発されるのは不公平よ、私にさせないなら、自分でしておきなさい=It's unfair that it's only me who's getting their ass developed as an ero-zone. If you won't let me do it, then do it to yourself!
わざといやらしい音を立ててるわね？　サービスがいいじゃない=You're making it let out that obscene noise on purpose, aren't you? That's some good servicing!
貴方の指、臭くなっても知らないわよ=If your finger starts smelling permanently, don't come crying to me okay?
まさか、こんなに感じるようになるとはね、不思議なものだわ=To think it could be made to feel this good, truly wonderous!
フフッ、排泄するところも、見せてあげましょうか？　貴方汚いの好きでしょ=Fufu--, Shall I show you how I take a shit too? Don't you like filthy things?
異性の尻で発情するなんて、ほんとケモノよね=Getting horny from the butthole of a member of the opposite sex, you truly are a beast.
指で壁をなぞるようにして拡げなさい、すぐに動かしやすくなるわ=Move your finger as if you were tracing a wall, and spread it apart, it'll quickly become easy to move!
もっと指を立てて、削るようにするのよっ、やってみなさい=Dig your finger further in, move it around like if you were sharpening a pencil!
うぅ、貴方の舌、なんだかねっとりしてない？=Uuu, your tongue, isn't it kinda sticky?
少しくらい臭い方がいいんでしょ？　理解不能よね=Isn't it better if it's a bit smelly? I don't get the reason behind it either.
舐めるのはいいけど、顔が近いのは少し気持ち悪いわね=Licking is fine and all but, it's kinda gross having your face be that close.
貴方の唾液って臭いのよね、普段何を食べているのかしら=Your saliva, it's kinda smelly isn't it, I wonder what you normally eat?
汗まで舐めて興奮してるの？　変態ね=You're getting horny even from licking sweat? Such a pervert!
舌熱くなってるわよ、私を舐めて、興奮してるの？=Your tongue's becoming hotter, are you getting excited from licking me?
ほら、私の汗を全部舐め取りなさい、好きでしょ？=Here, lick and lap up all of my sweat, you like it, don't you?
なんだか、蒸れやすいところばかり舐めてない？=I feel like, aren't you licking only the places where it gets real sweaty and stuffy?
自分から舐めにくるなんて、ホント犬よね、もう否定できないわよ=Coming to lick me all by yourself, you truly are a dog, you can't deny it anymore!
舐めるところによって、味って違うの？　それとも一緒？=Depending on where you lick, does it taste different? Or is it the same?
乳を吸いたがるなんて、いつまで赤ん坊のつもり？=Wanting to lick and suck on my breasts, just how long are you planning to be a baby for?
硬くなった乳首、舐められるのいいわ=It feels nice, having my hard nipples licked!
乳首を舐めてる貴方、自分で思っているより、気持ち悪い顔になってるわよ=Your expression as you lick my nipples, it's more disgusting than you think!
乳輪をなぞるようしてから、乳首を舐めるの、女を感じさせるコツよ=Tracing the areola, and then licking the nipples, that's the secret of how to make a woman feel good!
一生懸命舐めてるけど、母乳とかは出ないわよ=Mother's milk won't come out just because you're sucking on them with all your effort, you know?
どれだけ舐めても母乳は出ないわよ、残念だったわね=No matter how much you lick and suck on them, milk isn't going to come out, too bad for you.
勃起乳首美味しい？　夢中で舐めてて、聞こえてないかしら？=Do my erect nipples taste good? Wonder if you can even hear me, with how entranced you are with licking them?
アソコまで舐めるなんて、どこまで変態なのよ=Licking even that place, just how big of a pervert are you?
匂ったりしたら言いなさい、貴方はいいけど、私が気にするの=If you're going to take a sniff, tell me first. I know you don't care, but I do!
バター犬って実在するのね、随分大きいみたいだけど=The so called "Butter Dogs" really do exist, huh, although you seem pretty big for one.
奥からもっと愛液啜りなさい、ラブジュースをご馳走してあげるわ=Slurp up the love juice all the way in the back, I'll let you feast on it.
こら、股間に息ふきかけないで、くすぐったいわ=Hey, don't breathe on my crotch, it tickles!
貴方の生温い吐息、どうにかならないの？　背筋がゾワゾワするのよ=Can't you do something about those warm breaths of yours? They send a chill up my spine!
マンコを舐めさせるっていいわね、服従させてる感じがするわ=Having my pussy licked like this feels pretty nice, it feels like I'm subjugating you, making you more obedient and submissive.
お尻なんて舐めて……病気になりたいのかしら=Licking even my ass... Do you want to get sick or something?
どんな気持ちでお尻舐めてるの？　興奮してるのよね？=What are you feeling, licking my ass like that? It's horniness, isn't it?
尻を舐めろなんて、本来罰ゲームよ？　貴方やっぱり、奴隷の素質があるわ=Licking my ass... Normally, it's used as a forfeit, you know? You really do have the makings of a slave.
舐めて綺麗にしなさい、貴方のために、少し汚しておいてあげたわ=Lick it clean, I've left it a bit dirty, just for you.
ケモノは異性のお尻を舐めたがるそうよ、貴方にそっくりね=Beasts like to lick the butts of the opposite sex of their species, you're just like them!
ほら駄犬、尻を舐めさせてあげたのだから、お礼を言ったらどうなの？=Hey, Mutt, I let you lick my butt, so how are you going to express your gratitude to me?
フフッ、臭い？　それがいいんでしょう？　わかってるのよ=Fufu--, smells, does it? Isn't that fine? I know you like it.
舌を入れるなんてっ……そこお尻よっ=Putting your tongue in--... That's my butt, you know?
お尻に顔を押し付けないでっ……このド変態=Don't press your face against my ass--... Damned Pervert!
フフッ、貴方のおかげでウォシュレットいらずね、これが肉便器ってやつかしら=Fufu--, Thanks to you, I don't need to use a bidet or any toilet paper, I wonder if this is the so-called "meat toilet".
アナルで舌を締めてあげるわ、ちょっとしたサービスよ=I'll tighten around your tongue with my butt, just a little bit of service for you.
穴の中まで舐めるなんて、変態でもしないわよ=Licking even the insides, even perverts don't do that, you know?
もっと奥まで舐めなさい、私のお尻を綺麗にするのは、貴方の仕事でしょ=Lap it up all the way to the back, It's your job to make my ass clean, no?
今、排泄したらどうするの？　流石に顔を引くかしら？　それとも……フフッ=What would you do if I took a shit right now? Would even you take a step back? Or perhaps... Fufu--
お尻に舌を入れて悦ぶなんて、貴方、蔑まれても当然よ=Being happy from putting your tongue in my butt, It's natural that people look down on you!
お尻に舌を入れて興奮するなんて、どうしようもない変態よね=Becoming horny from putting your tongue in my butt, you are truly a hopeless pervert!
アナル拡がるようになったから、奥まで舐めやすいでしょう？=My anus is all spread out now, so it's easy to lick all the way to the back, right?
うぅ、凄いのね、刺激が直接的というか、んんっ……=Uuu, It's amazing, the stimulation, it's so direct, or like, nn--...
こういうものに頼るから、貴方はいつまでもヘタクソなのよ=You depend on stuff like this, that's why you'll always suck at the real thing!
当たり前だけど、刺激が機械的なのよね……容赦がないというか=I know it's obvious, but the stimulation feels very mechanical, doesn't it... Like it's so relentless, so merciless!
そんなもので感じさせても、貴方の事、認めてあげないわよ=Even if you make me feel good with that thing, I won't deem you acceptable, you know?
こういうの、皆使ってるものなの？=This thing, is this what everyone uses?
これ、自分からオモチャに負けてると言っているようなものよ=This, it's like you're saying you admit defeat against a toy!
くっ、単調なのに、感じてしまうのが嫌ねっ=Kuh--, I hate that I feel good even though it's so dull and monotonous--
悪くはないけど、手抜きをされているようね=It's not bad but, definitely not as good as the real thing!
まぁ、貴方にイカされるよりはマシなのかしら……=Well, maybe it's better than being made to cum by you, I suppose?
んぅっ、自分の手でイカせてみたいと、思わないの？=Nnn--, Don't you feel like making me cum using your own hands instead?
こらっ、ヘタクソなのを、そんなもので誤魔化してっ=Hey--, they swindle shitty and unskilled people with that sort of toy.
自分で感じさせたいと思わないの？　プライドがないのね=Don't you wanna make me feel good with your own hands? You have no pride as a man, I see!
んくっ、気持ちよければ、何でもいいというわけではないわっ=nkuh--, You can't justify everything with "It's fine since it feels good"--
ひきゅっ、乳首震わせられるだけで、あぁっ、こんなにっ=hikyuu--, Just from having my nipples vibrated--, Aaah--, it feels--
乳首から、全身に震えが伝わってくわ、んぅっ=From my nipples, I can feel the vibration in my whole body--, Nnn--
こらっ、またこんなもの使って、乳首ブルブル、させてはダメよっ=Hey--, using this thing again--, to vibrate my nipples, is no good--
そんな、乳首押し潰すようにしたらっ、おっぱいまで震えて、変になるわっ=If you squash my nipples down that much, even my breasts are going to quiver, I'll go crazy!
卑怯よ、そんなもの使ってまで、乳首感じさせるなんて=It's unfair, using something like that, and making me feel it in my nipples!
んくっ、乳首おかしくなりそうだわ、少しくらいに、しておきなさいよ=nkuh--, my nipples are going to become strange, take it easy on them!
ねぇ、そんなもので乳首感じさせられても、虚しいだけよ=Hey, even if you make me feel it in my nipples using that, it'll be an empty feeling.
これ、やっぱり強すぎるわ、アソコ震えて、変になるっ=This really is too potent, my pussy's quivering, it's turning weird!
アソコ無理矢理感じさせられて、気分が悪いわね=Being made to feel good down there willy nilly, it feels really not that good!
マンコはもういいからっ、自分のチンポにでも押し付けてなさい=That place is already ready to go, use your dick already!
マンコ気持ちいいわよ、潮も吹くでしょうね、でも、何か足りないのよコレっ=That place feels really good, I'm sure I'll squirt too, but, this really is lacking, in some way.
もう、こんなのアソコに押し付けられたら、誰だって感じるのよ=Jeez, If you press that thing down there, even I would feel good from it!
こら、あんまり近付けると、愛液が跳ねるわっ、まったくもう=Hey, if you bring it that close, my lovejuices are going to fly everywhere, good grief!
こんなものに頼らずとも、マンコイカせられるようになりなさい=You shouldn't need to use something like this, try to make me cum by yourself.
あぁ、イクわっ、貴方にイカされてあげるっ、=Aaah, I'm going to cum--, I'll let you make me cum--
ほら、あと少しよ、最後まで気を抜かないことっ=Come on, just a bit more, focus till the end!
あぁっ、イクわよっ、よく見てなさい、私がイクとこっ=Aaah--, I'm going to cum--, take a good look at me as I cum--
私の体、知り尽くされてるようね、こういうところだけ、勉強熱心なんだから=My body, you already know everything about it, don't you. It's only things like these that you are hardworking at!
イってあげるわ、これで少しは、自信をつけなさい=I'll cum for you, with this, have a little more confidence in yourself!
いいわ、少しは上手くなってるじゃない、それでいいのよっ=Feels great, looks like you've gotten a bit better at this, it's good like this--
あとちょっと、もうちょっとでイケるわっ、もっと強く、感じさせなさい=A bit more, I'mma cum from just a bit more, make me feel it, even more strongly!
なかなかいい感じよ、私も、もうすぐっ=Feels rather good, I'm also, almost there--
あと一押しよ、ここまで感じさせたなら、私をイカせてみなさい=One final push, since you've made me feel this good, make me cum too!
んっ、今よっ、私をイカせなさいっ、きちんと役目を果たすのよっ=Nn--, Now--, Make me cum--, Carry out your duty properly--
あはぁぁん=Ahaaaaan!
んあぁああぁっ=nnaaaAaaa--
んひぃいいんっ=nnhiiiiinnn--
はぁ、イカされたわね、まぁ、悪くない気分よ=Haa, You sure made me cum, Well, It's not a bad feeling.
んっ、拙いところもまだあるけど、全体としては良かったわ=Nn--, there were still some clumsy parts but, on the whole, it was pretty good.
私の体、随分堪能したみたいじゃない、でも、まだ終わりではないでしょう？=I see you've enjoyed yourself quite a bit with my body, but, surely you're not done already, right?
フフッ、私をイカせた感想は？　怒らないから、素直に言ってみなさい=Fufu--, What did you think, of having made me cum? I won't get mad, so tell me your honest impressions.
イカせる事ができれば、とりあえずは合格よ、でも、まだまだね=Since you were able to make me cum, for now, you get a passing grade, but you still have quite a ways to go.
さて、次は何をしてくれるのかしら？　私を満足させ続けるのは、大変よ=Now then, what are you going to do next? Trying to keep me satisfied is hard work, you know?
よくやったわ、ちゃんと出来た子には、ご褒美をあげないとね=Well done, hardworking children deserve a reward.
ほら、イった後の私は少しの間無防備よ、どうしてくれるのかしら？=Come on, I become very defenseless for a short period of time right after I cum, what are you going to do?
私だって、たまには甘えたくなる時があるわ、フフッ、今がそうよ=Even I have times when I want to be pampered, you know, Fufu--, This is one of those times.
まだしたいの？　まぁいいけど、気持ちよくされるのは、嫌いじゃないしね=You still wanna do more? Well, I don't mind, it's not like I hate being made to feel good either.
まだ満足できない？　貴方、予想以上に私の事好きね=Still not satisfied? You like me more than I thought!
私に懐くのは構わないけど、退屈はさせないでちょうだいね=I don't mind if you've become attached to me, just don't make me bored, okay?
どこを攻めようか悩んでいるの？　その間に私が冷めてしまったら、意味がないわよ？=Thinking about which place to start your attack from? If lose interest in the meantime, there won't be any point, no?
自分より私を優先するなんて、貴方わかってきたじゃない=Prioritizing me over yourself, looks like you've finally got it!
ご褒美を考えるのは後にしなさい、まずは私を感じさせる事よ=Think of a reward later, for now, focus on making me feel good!
キスなら何回してもいいわよ=If it's kissing, then I'm game for as many times as you want!
キスって飽きないわよね、不思議よ=Kissing is something you could never get bored of, isn't it. What a wonder.
口の周りベタベタよ、フフッ、いやらしいキスね=The area around my mouth is all sticky, Fufu--, what a lewd kiss.
貴方の唇、熱くなってるわ=Your lips, they're getting hotter.
舌、出してもいいよの？=You can use your tongue too, you know?
舌が攣りそうになってるわ、少しやり過ぎかしら=My tongue is kinda cramping up, maybe we overdid it a bit?
もっとしていたいって思った？　フフッ、顔に書いてあるわよ=Did you want to keep doing it more? Fufu--, It's written on your face.
何度しても新鮮な事というのは、貴重なんじゃないかしら=Isn't it a precious feeling, the feeling of freshness, no matter how many times we do it?
唇震えてたわよ？　貴方もキスで感じてきた？=Your lips were quivering, you know? Did you feel pleasure from it too?
見ての通り、スイッチは入ってるわよ、今ならどこを触っても感じるでしょうね=As you can see, my switch has been flipped, if it's now, I'll feel good no matter where you touch me.
同じキスなのに、毎回違う気がするわね=It's the same kiss and yet, it feels different every time.
頭が痺れてきたわ、酸素が足りないのかしらね？　フフッ=My head feels like it's gone numb, I wonder if it's a lack of oxygen? Fufu--
キスもいいけど、他の事もしたくなってきたんじゃない？=Kissing is good too but, you want to do other stuff too, no?
キスで火が点いたわ、私がこうなったら、なかなか止まらないわよ=The kiss lit a fire in me, when I'm like this, I can't bring myself to stop!
キス、病み付きになってるわね、自覚があるわ=I'm becoming addicted to kissing, I know, I have that much self-awareness.
唇は性感帯ではないと思うのだけど、どこで感じているのかしらね=I don't think lips are erogenous zones unto themselves, but then I wonder where the pleasure is coming from?
また濡れてきたわ、キスだけで何回イケるか、試してみる？=I'm already wet again, wanna test just how many times I can cum with just kissing?
キスしながらでも触っていいのよ、どこを触っても、許してしまうかも=You can touch me while kissing me, you know. I won't even mind, no matter where you do it.
フフッ、これからは事ある毎にキスをしたくなりそうね=Fufu--, I feel like I'll want to kiss you at every chance I get from now on.
相手の体にキスマークを付けたくなる気持ち、わかったわ=I understand the feeling of wanting to leave a kiss mark on your partner's body.
ずっとこのままキスしてましょうか、そういうのもアリだと思うわ=Shall we keep kissing like this forever, I think that's not so bad an idea.
キスは大好きよ、でも、それ以上が欲しくなってきたわ=I love kissing, but, I've begun to want for even more than just that!
キスはダメ、何度も言わせないで=Kissing is no good, don't make me say it again and again!
強引にしてみなさい、唇を噛んでやるわよ=Try forcing it on me, Ill chew your lips off!
そこ、好きよね、飽きないの？=You love it there, don't you, don't you ever get bored of it?
何度も弄られれば、感じやすくなるものね=The more you play with it, the pleasurable it becomes, doesn’t it?
好きなだけすればいいわ、私はただ、気持ちよくなるだけ=You can do as you like, I just want to feel good!
んふっ、さっきより興奮してるでしょ？=nfu--, aren't you more excited than before?
私の反応を見ながら、色々試してみなさい=Try out various things while watching my reactions.
私の体、貴方の好き放題にされてるわね=My body, it's completely turning into something for you to do with as you please, isn't it?
相変わらず、いやらしいところばかり狙ってくるわね=As usual, you're only aiming for the lewd places!
イった後だと、どこも敏感になってるわね=After you cum, your whole body becomes sensitive, doesn’t it?
一方的に攻められるというのも、そう悪くないわね=Being one-sidedly assaulted like this, it's not that bad.
興奮し過ぎよ、少しは理性も働かせなさい=You're too excited, try to exercise some reason!
私の顔をよく見なさい。感じているように見える？=Watch my face carefully. Does it look like I'm enjoying it?
何が貴方をお尻に狂わせたの？　教えなさい=Just what is it that's causing you to go crazy about ass? Tell me.
お尻お尻って、私が引いてるのわからない？=Butt this, ass that, Can't you tell that it's making me recoil?
弱い所ばかり攻めて、貴方卑怯よ=Only attacking my weak spots, you're mean!
弱い所だけ弄っていればイクわけじゃないわよ、もっと頭を使いなさい=There's no way I'm going to cum if you only play with my weak spots, try using your head a little bit more!
成長がないわね、弱点以外でもイカせられるようになりなさい=You've not grown any at all, learn to make me cum from places other than my weak spots.
あまり何度も弄られると、気持ちよくても飽きるわ=If you keep playing with the same thing again and again, it's boring and tiresome even if it feels good.
少し反応がいいからって弄り続けるのは、子供のする事よ=Continuing to play with it just because you got a little bit of a decent reaction, it's something that kids do, you know?
弱い所は、最後の一押しにとっておくものよ、弄り過ぎては逆効果=Weak spots are something you keep aside for the final push, if you keep playing with it, it backfires.
乳首ばかり弄るから、なんだか凄い色になってきたわ……=You keep playing with only my nipples, so somehow they've become this amazing color...
弄り過ぎて黒ずんだら、貴方のせいよ=If they go black because of too much teasing, then I'll blame you!
乳首、大きくなり過ぎてない？　これ、戻るのかしら=My nipples, aren't they too big now? I wonder if they'll go back to normal?
こんなに膨らむものなのね、自分で弄っているだけでは、こうはいかないわ=They really do get this big, huh, just playing with them by yourself would never get them this big!
流石にヒリついてきたわね、でも、まだ気持ちいいわ=It really does quite sting now, but, it still feels great!
勃起乳首、目立つからって、ちょっと弄り過ぎよ=My erect nipples, while they do stick out, you're still playing with them a bit too much!
濡らし過ぎてかぶれそうね……アソコはデリケートなのよ=You've made it so wet I feel like I'll develop a rash there... That place is very delicate, you know?
マンコぐしょぐしょにされ過ぎて、下半身に力が入らくなってきたわ=You've made my pussy so wet, I can't even find the energy to move my lower body.
マンコでイカせる気ね、愛液吹き出して、かけてあげようかしら=Wanna make me cum from my pussy, huh, shall I squirt and cover you with my love juice?
もう十分濡れてるわ、中は、弄らなくていいの？=I'm wet enough already, sure you don't wanna play with the insides?
もう大洪水よ、愛液で水たまりができそうね……=It's already flooding, feel like I could make a puddle of love juice...
あぁ、マンコ物足りないわ、もっと奥まで、めちゃくちゃにしなさい=Aaah, my pussy's not satisfied, deeper, mess it up even deeper!
この熱くてヒリヒリするのが、段々気持ちいに変わるのかしらね=This hot stinging pain, it's going to slowly turn into pleasure, isn't it?
またお尻弄りたいのね、もう十分ほぐれていると思うけど=You wanna play with my ass again, huh, though I think it's already loose enough.
アナルばかり攻めて、弱点だって知っててやるのだから、質が悪いわ=Going for anal every time, knowing its one of my weak points, that's pretty mean and illnatured of you!
私のお尻を開発しようなんて、本当なら許さないのよ=If you really are trying to develop my ass into a fuckable hole, I won't forgive you, you know!
アナルの感度、順調に上がってるわ=My ass's sensitivity's steadily going up!
もっと弄っていいわよ、アナルでイキっぱなしにさせてみなさい=You can play with it more, keep making me cum from my ass!
（拒否）同じ事を何度言わせるの、こんな時まで怒らせないで=How many times are you going to make me repeat the same thing, don't piss me off so much!
（拒否）はぁ、貴方とするの面倒になってきたわ、もうやめましょ=Haa, It's becoming more and more of a pain to do this sort of stuff with you, let's stop.
（拒否）お尻はダメって言ったでしょ、私の話はきちんと聞きなさい=I've told you that anal's no good before, no? Pay attention to what I say!
（拒否）そんなに弄りたいなら、自分の尻でも弄ってなさい=If you wanna play with it that much, play with your own butt!
（拒否）はっきり言うわ、私ね、そういうオモチャって嫌いなの=I'll say it clearly, I really don't like those sorts of toys.
（拒否）そういうものでしかできないのなら、貴方とは合わないわね=If you can't do it without using those sorts of things, I won't do it again with you!
揉まれ過ぎて、膨らんでるように感じるわ=You're rubbed it so much, I feel like it's swelling out!
もみもみもみもみ、よく飽きないわねぇ=Rubbing, rubbing and more rubbing, you really don't get bored of that, huh?
貴方もモミモミしてあげましょうか？　ほぐし甲斐がありそうよ=Shall I rub you up too? I think you could use some loosening up too!
こうやって感度って上がってくのね、実感してるわ=The sensitivity increases this way, doesn't it, I can feel it in realtime.
私の身体って、そんなに揉み心地がいいのかしら？=Does it really feel that nice to rub my body?
揉み方が上手くなってるのがまた、憎たらしいわね=You're getting better and better at rubbing me, and it pisses me off!
おっぱい揉まれ過ぎて、腫れぼったいわ=You've rubbed my tits so much, they've puffed up!
揉まれて大きくなるかは知らないけど、おっぱいの感度は確実にあがるわね=I don't know if they'll get bigger if you rub them, but their sensitivity certainly will rise!
そんなにおっぱいが好きなら、パイズリでもしてあげましょうか？=If you love tits that much, shall I give you a titty-fuck?
おっぱいおっぱいって、いつまでも子供なんだから=Going crazy over a pair of tits, you'll always remain a child won't you?
そんなに揉まれても、もどかしいだけよ、早く穴の方を弄りなさい=Even if you rub that much, it only serves to make me frustrated and impatient, play with the hole too!
お尻揉まれ過ぎて、貴方の手形がついてそうね=You've rubbed my ass so much, feels like your handprint's stuck to it!
お尻に汗かいてきたわ、舐めてもいいわよ=There's some sweat on my ass, you can lick it up if you want.
またアナルひくひくしてきたわ、ちゃんと弄って、イカせなさい=My ass's started twitching again, keep playing with it diligently, and make me cum!
つつくんじゃなくて、指で転がして欲しいのよ=Rather than poking, I'd like if you rolled them around with your finger instead!
ビンビンに勃起してるから、そう簡単には押し込めないでしょ=It's so hard and erect, obviously they won't be pushed in that easily!
貴方も乳首勃起してるんじゃないの？　見せてみなさい=Aren't your nipples erect too? Lemme see.
スイッチはもう入ってるから、何回も押さなくても大丈夫よ=My switch's already flipped, you don't need to keep pushing it down.
つつくのなんて、何度もするものじゃないわ、アクセント程度で十分よ=Poking isn't something you do again and again, it's better as a starter.
さっきより乳首硬くなってるから、つつき甲斐があるでしょ=The nipples are harder than before, so there's some point in poking them.
伸びるわ、絶対伸びるっ、もうそこまでにしておきなさい=They're stretching, they're definitely stretching--, just stop there, please!
まだ勃起したままなのよ、引っ張られたら、変な声出るわ=They're still erect, if you pull on them like that, It'll make me let out weird sounds.
貴方の乳首も、いつまでも無事だと思わない事ね=Don't think your nipples are going to be safe forever!
乳首を苛めた分は、貴方に返してあげるから=I'll return every bit of nipple teasing back to you!
もう胸全体を引っ張られてる感じよ=Now my whole chest feels like it's being pulled up!
乳首摘ままれるのいいわよ、貴方にも教えてあげたいわ=It feels nice, having my nipples pinched, I wanna let you experience that feeling too.
まだ慣れてないのよ、弄り過ぎたら、どうなるかわからないわ=I've still not gotten used to it normally, if you play with them too much, I don't know what'll happen!
少し弄られただけで、声出そうになるわね=Just from being played with a little bit, I feel like moaning!
私もお尻好きよっ、もうずっと弄ってなさい=I love it in my ass too--, keep playing with it!
お尻はゆっくり慣らしていけばいいのよ、がっつかないで=Don't be greedy, let's take it at a slow pace with my ass.
もうヒリヒリしてるから、痛いのか気持ちいいのか、分からなくなるわ=It's stinging already, and yet I’m becoming unable to tell whether it's pain or pleasure that I am feeling.
アナルひくひくしっぱなしよ、これ、結構長引くのよね=My anal keeps twitching, this is dragging on pretty long, isn't it?
クリトリス硬くなってるから、優しく擦ってみなさい=My clitoris is becoming stiff, so try rubbing it gently.
マンコ撫でられるのいいわっ、奥からまた溢れそうになる=Having my pussy stroked feels nice, it's going to overflow from the back again!
女はイク時間が長いのよ、何度もされたら、イキっぱなしになるわ=A girl's orgasm lasts quite a while, If you keep doing it, I'll keep cumming constantly!
イった後だからね、いきなり中じゃなくて、周りを擦るのは正解ね=I just came after all, so rather than putting it in again all at once, rubbing the surrounding area is the right move!
クリも一緒に擦りなさい、一番感じるところよ=Rub my clitoris too, at the same time, it's the most sensitive part!
あぁっ、マンコが馬鹿になりそうよ=Aaah--, my pussy's going crazy!
お尻の周り、火傷したみたいに熱いわ=The area around my ass, it's so hot I feel like it's burning!
お尻熱くて、汗をかいてきたわ、舐めて綺麗にしなさい=My ass is so hot, I'm sweating down there. Lick it clean.
ほら、ケツマンコから、発情したメスの匂いがするわよ、近くで嗅いでみなさい=Look, from my analpussy, the smell of a sow in heat is wafting out, get close and take a good sniff!
ヒリヒリしてるのに、それが気持ちよくなってる=Even though it's stinging, that pain feels good!
んぁっ、焦らすのはやめて、お尻、おかしくなりそうだわ=nnah--, stop keeping me waiting, my ass, it's turning weird!
擦るだけじゃダメ、中をほじくってこそのアナルでしょ=Don't just rub, anal's about digging out the insides too, no?
濡れてるから、すんなり入ったわね=Because it's wet, it went in so smoothly!
たくさん掻き混ぜて、本気汁出させてみなさい=Scramble and churn it up lots, make me let out my pussy juice!
指で弱い所、探しなさい、まだ見つかってない場所が、たくさんあるわよ=Look for my weak spots, with your finger, there are still lots of places, that you haven't discovered!
いいわよ、またクチュクチュしなさい=Sure, mess it up again!
指じゃ物足りないけど、まぁいいわ=Just a finger isn't enough but, well, whatever!
ぐっぽり拡げて、奥までしっかり掻き混ぜるのよ=Stretch it out, scramble my insides, all the way to the back!
また入れたわね、指くらいなら、大丈夫かしら=You put it in again, I wonder if I can handle just the stimulation from a finger?
またアナル犯すのね、指でぐぽぐぽ、いやらしい音、させるのね=You're going to penetrate my ass again, going to make my body make those obscene plunging sounds again, aren't you?
あぁっ、指っ、いいわぁっ、アナルうねって、歓迎してるわよっ=Aaah--, your finger--, so good--, twist up my ass, it's welcoming you!
お尻に抵抗なく入ると、少し複雑な気分ね=The fact that it went in so easily, it gives me some complicated feelings.
指の根元まで、しっかり入れなさい=Stuff it all the way in, to the base of the finger!
指、何本入るか、試してもみてもいいわよ=I don't mind you testing just how many fingers you can fit in there, you know?
はぁ、凄いわ、これはもう、オナニーは卒業ね=Haa, Amazing, after experiencing this, masturbation won't be enough.
子宮下りてきてるから、指でも届くかしら？=Since my womb's coming down, wonder if you can reach it with your finger?
音が粘ついてきたわね、かき混ぜ過ぎよ、フフッ=The noise is so sticky, you're churning it too much, Fufu--
中、まだピクピクしてるでしょ、女がイクって、そういう事よ=My insides, they're still twitching, no? That's the sort of thing a woman's orgasm is.
あぁ、本気汁掻き出されてる、やるじゃない=Aaah, my pussy juice's being scraped out, you're good!
はぁ、頭が真っ白になってきたわ、このまま倒れたら、介抱よろしくね=Haa, my mind's gone blank, if I collapse, I'll leave the after-care to you.
この熱いのがいいのね、ヒリつくのが、気持ちいいのね=This heat feels good, this pain is what feels good!
アナル拡がってもいいから、もっと奥までかきまぜなさい=It's fine if my ass gets stretched out, churn up my insides, all the way to the back.
アナル凄いっ、もう、何を入れられても感じそうだわ=Anal's amazing, At this point, I feel like no matter what you put in, it'll feel good!
アナルの感じ方、わかってきた気がするわ=The way to enjoy anal, I think I've finally understood it!
あぁ、ここまでしたら、絶対後が大変ね、しばらくお尻はお休みかしら=Aaah, If you go that far, it'll definitely be a pain in the ass later. Let's give my ass a rest for now.
このままアナルでイカせなさい、何度だってイってあげるわ=Make me cum from my ass like this, I'll cum as many times as you want.
ちゃんと唾液を出しなさい、舐めすぎて舌がザラついてるわよ=Let out some saliva, you've licked so much, your tongue feels like sandpaper!
蒸れてるとこ舐めて良いわよ、興奮するんでしょ？=You can lick the smelly and stuffy places if you want, it makes you excited, doesn't it?
汗が凄いでしょう？　全部舐め取りなさい=Ain't that a lot of sweat? Lick it all up.
もうどこもベトベト、これ、全部貴方の唾液よ=Every part is sticky now, this, all of it is your saliva, you know?
涎と汗と愛液と、もう何で濡れてるのか分からないわね=With drool, sweat, and love juices flowing, at this point I don't even know what I'm wet from.
もっと丁寧に、ゆっくり唾液を染み込ませるように、ねっとり舐めるのよ=Lick it more gently, thouroughly, stickily, so that the saliva slowly seeps into it.
乳首が涎で光ってるわ、笑っちゃうわね=My nipples are glistening from your drool, makes me laugh!
いつになったら乳離れできるのかしら？　んぅ？=When will you stop longing for mama's milk, hmm?
ここまで吸われると、母乳も出してみたくなるわね……気持ちいいのかしら=If you suck on it that much, I may just let out breast milk... I wonder if it'll feel good?
いやらしい赤ん坊もいたものね、まったく=So there really are lewd children like you in the world, good grief!
フフッ、もうママのおっぱいより吸ってるんじゃない？=Fufu--, aren't you sucking on them more than you did your own mothers'?
おっぱい美味しい？　んふっ、幸せそうにしゃぶっちゃって……=Are my breasts tasty? nnfu--, you're sucking on them so happily...
あら、お掃除してくれるの？　気が利くじゃない=Oh my, you're going to clean it up? Pretty thoughtful of you.
顔が愛液でベタベタになるくらい、舐め回しなさい=Lick it up so much that your entire face gets completely covered with my love juice!
あまり夢中でしゃぶってると、顔におしっこひっかけるわよ=If you keep licking it in that much of a trance, you might just catch a spray of piss on your face!
愛液啜る音、わざと響かせてるわね？=You're making those slurping sounds on purpose, aren't you?
あぁ、マンコしゃぶられてるっ、こんなの、またすぐイキそうになるわ=Aaah, my pussy's being licked, if this continues, I'll cum again instantly!
あぁ、どれだけ愛液出しても、全部吸われそうね=Aaah, no matter how much love juice I let out, all of it is getting sucked up!
お尻、そんなに舐めて大丈夫なの？　面倒事は嫌よ？=My butt, you sure it's fine to lick it that much? I don't want it to be a pain later!
アナルはもう十分綺麗になってるけど、貴方はまだ舐めたりないみたいね=My butt's already clean enough, but you still haven't had enough, from the looks of it.
アナル掃除はもう貴方に任せるわ、毎日でも喜んでしそうだもの=I'll leave the cleaning of my butt from now on to you, since it seems like you'll do it happily everyday.
もう好きなだけ舐めなさい、それでお腹壊せばいいのよ=Bah, lick it as much as you want, ruin your stomach if you want!
ほら、大好物のアナルよ、しっかり味わいなさい=Here, it's your favourite food, my ass, savour it!
そこまで夢中で舐められると、漏らしたものでも食べそうな勢いね……=If you lick me in that much of a trance, it feels like you might even be able to relish the leaked stuff...
もう綺麗になってるわよ、貴方が散々舐めましたのだから=It's already pretty clean now, thanks to you licking it up so thoroughly!
分かったわ、貴方のアナル好きはわかったから、ちょっとやりすぎよ=I understand how much you love my ass, I really do, but you're overdoing it a bit!
イった後だから、よく拡がるでしょう、今の内に、奥まで舐め回しなさい=I just came so, it'll stretch out quite a bit, so take this chance and lick up the insides, all the way to the back, while you still can!
ケモノでもここまでしないと思うわ、貴方はケダモノよ=Even animals don't go this far, I don't think. You're a beast among even animals.
本当に私の肉便器になるつもり？　トイレの時は呼んだ方がいいのかしら？=You really want to become my personal meat toilet? Shall I call for you when I need to use the restroom?
貴方のアナルを開発するなら、ここまでしろって事？　恐れ入ったわね=So if I want to develop and make your ass sensitive, I'll have to go this far? That's might be too big of a hurdle?
そう、嫌がってもするのね、そういう人だとは思わなかったわ=I see, you'll do it even if you don't like it, I didn't think you were that sort of person.
私にした事は自分にも返ってくる、よく覚えておくことね=Everything you did to me, I'll repay you back in spades, remember it well!
またイクわっ、そのまま続けてちょうだい=I'm going to cum again--, keep going on like that!
私、もう何回イカされてるのかしら、細かいのまで合わせると、数えきれないわね=How many times have I been made to cum, if I try to add them all up in detail, I simply cannot count them all.
どれだけイカされても、またイキたくなる、私の体の悦ばせ方、知ってるわね=No matter how many times you make me cum, I feel like cumming again, looks like you've cracked the code on what makes my body feel good!
女は一定の方がイキやすいの、無理に激しくしなくていいわ=It's easier for women to come from a constant rhythm, you don't need to force yourself to do it more intensely.
わかったわ、貴方は上手くなった、認めるから、そろそろ終わりにしなさい=I got it, you've become much better at it, I admit it so be done with it already!
またイクっ、私が倒れるか、貴方が疲れ果てるか、この際とことんやってあげるわ=I'm cumming again--, whether I collapse, or whether you fall from exhaustion, let's see this through till the end.
満足した？　交代するか、休むかしましょう……ね？=Satisfied? Let's either switch or rest... please?
んぅ、体に力が入らないわ……もっとしてもいいけど、私は動かないわよ=Nnn, I can't find strength in my body... I don't mind continuing but, I won't be moving, just fyi.
貴方、我慢汁でチンポドロドロじゃない。ほら、今度は私が面倒みてあげるわ=Look at that, your dick's overflowing with pre-cum. Come, this time I'll take care of you.
これだけ出来れば大したものよ、流石に認めるわ=It's quite impressive that you can go on for so long, even I can't deny that.
盛大にイカされたわね、いい忠誠心よ=You gave me quite the splendid orgasm, very loyal of you.
はぁ、どれだけ私の体が好きなのよ……懐かれ過ぎるのも困ったものね=Haa, just how much do you love my body... It's quite troubling to have someone take after you that much.
（開始時台詞）また変な事を考えたわね……いいわよ、始めなさい=You just thought of something weird, didn't you... No matter, go ahead.
隠れてする事でもないけど……まぁ、悪くないわね=It's not something worth hiding but... well, not bad.
それはダメよ、自重なさい=That's no good at all, restrain yourself.
あぁっ、結構、感じ方が違うものなのね……=Aah--, this feels rather different, doesn't it...
フフッ、私が声を出したら、貴方も見つかるのよ？=Fufu--, if I let out a peep, you'll be found out too, no?
ほんとは、誰かに気づかれているんじゃないかしら=We've probably already been noticed by somebody, no?
んはぁっ、こら、こういう時くらい優しくなさい=Nnhaa--, Hey, be gentle, atleast when we're doing it like this!
貴方の方が、よっぽどビクビクしてるじゃない=Aren't you the one freaking out?
はぁっ、私も、昂ってきたわ=Haa--, I'm pretty turned on too!
んぅっ、そろそろよっ……=Nnn--, Just about there--...
んくぅぅん……っ（声を押し殺しながら絶頂）=Nnkuuunnn--... (Climaxing while forcibly stifling her moans)
んん……フッ、いい度胸してるわ=Nnn... Hah, you've got big balls!
さて、お仕置きはどこでしましょうか=Now then, where shall I carry out the punishment?
（開始,勉強中）えぇと、確かここは……=(Starting, Middle of Studying) Errm, If I'm not wrong, this part...
（Ｈシーン中初めて触った時限定）ちょっ……何なの！？=Wai--... What with you!?
（Ｈシーン中初めて触った時限定）まさかっ……貴方っ=No way--... You--
こらっ、バカっ、んぅっ……=Hey--, Idiot--, Nnnu--...
ほんとに、見境のない……んぅっ=You really don't think things through... Nnn--
調子に乗り過ぎよ……んくっ……=You're getting too carried away... Nnku--...
何の勉強を、しているつもりなのよ……=What sort of studies, did you even plan to do...
まったく……何を考えてっ……=Good grief... just what goes through that head of yours...
まったく……んぅっ、何でこんなっ……=Jeez... Nnn--, Why, something like this...
ダメっ……んぅ……やめなさい……=Don't--... Nnn... Stop it...
あぁっ、んくっ……声、出るでしょうっ=Aaah--, Nnku--... See, my moans are leaking out--
んぅぅ……痛い目にあいたいの？=Nnn--... you wanna get in trouble?
んっ……その辺でやめておきなさい……=Nn--... Just stop there...
（拒否して外される）このっ、いい加減にしなさい=Damnit--, That's enough!
どうなってるのよ貴方の常識は=Just what happened to your common sense?
はぁぁ、どうしてくれようかしら……=Haaa, what shall I do with you...
こらっ、どこまでっ……んぅくっ=Hey--, Just how far--... nnkuh--
んくっ、仕方ないわね……んもぅ=nnkuh--, Can't be helped... Jeez!
んぁっ、もういいわっ……はぁぁっ=Nnah--, enough already--... Haaa--
※本棚対面愛撫（こそこそ）の絶頂と同じ新規の台詞は必要ございません=※There is no need for additional fresh dialogue for the same scene as the (secret) library meeting sex
んぅ……さぁて、わかってるわね？　そこに正座よ=Nnn... Now then, you know what's next, right? Kneel right there.
ふぅん、色々勉強になったわ、今度は私が教える番ね？=Hmmm, I learned a lot of stuff, now it's my turn to teach you stuff, isn't it?
まぁ、私もそれなりに昂ったわ、でも次はないわよ？=Well, I got caught up in the flow a bit too, but there won't be a next time, got it?
悪戯っていうのはね、見つかったら怒られるものなの、わかるわね？=You know, pranks, they're things that make people angry at you when you're caught, you know that, right?
近くに寄ると結構匂うわね、ちゃんと洗ってる？=When I get right up close with it, it smells quite a bit, do you properly wash it?
今更やめようだなんて遅いわよ、私はもう、貴方のモノしか見えてないわ=It's a bit late to tell me to quit now, at this point, I can't see focus on anything aside from your thing!
お待ちかねの調教タイムよ、私好みのチンポに作り変えてあげる=It's the long-awaited training time, I'll transform this dick to my liking!
今日は何回射精させてあげようかしら、チンポ壊れるまで、精液吐き出させてあげる=How many times shall we make you cum today? I'll make your dick spit out semen until it breaks!
多少痛くても我慢しなさい、きっとそのうちよくなるわ=If it hurts a bit, just bear with it, I'm sure it'll turn to pleasure sooner or later!
ピクピク震えて楽しそうね、私も楽しみよ、貴方の泣き顔=Looks like you're having fun, with how you're twitching. I'm enjoying it too, your crying face, that is.
たっぷり苛めてあげるから、たくさんだらしない顔を見せてちょうだい=I'll tease you lots, so show me lots of your slovenly expressions!
見せてみなさい、私好みに育ったチンポ、んぅ、いいわね……苛め甲斐がありそう=Let me have a look, at the dick I raised to my liking, Nnn, really nice... Looks like it'll be worth torturing.
みっともないくらい大きくして、何を期待しているのかしら？=Becoming so indecently big, just what are you looking forward to so much?
前より大きくなってないかしら、鍛えたりしてるの？=Aren't you bigger than before? Do you like train it or something?
こんなに大きくしてまったく、はしたないチンポね=Getting so big, good grief, what a shameful dick.
言っておくけど、チンポは貴方のものじゃない。精液の一滴まで、全部私のものよ=Ill say this now but, your dick ain't yours. It belongs to me, all of it, to the very last drop of semen.
だらしなく震えて、そんなに敏感なのかしら？=Quivering so disgracefully, is it that sensitive?
焦らされた方が、気持ちいいのでしょう？=Being tantalized feels good, doesn't it?
もどかしい？　そうしてるからね、フフッ、チンポ切なくて、我慢汁出ちゃいそう？=Is it tantalizing? Because that's what I'm trying at here, Fufu--, Does your dick feel miserable? Gonna let our precum?
もっと情けない声聞かせなさい、我慢なんてしたらダメよ=Let me hear more of those pathetic moans, you mustn't hold them back!
もう熱くなってるわよ、こんなにゆっくりでも感じてるの？=It's getting pretty hot, does it feel good even when I do it this slowly?
ほら、もっと大きくできるでしょう？　私がしてあげてるのよ=Come on, you can get bigger than this, no? I'm servicing you here!
いい感じに大きくなってきたわね、まだまだ序の口よ、気持ちいいのはこれから=Nice, it's gotten even bigger now, but this is just the beginning, the real pleasure starts now.
腰引けてるわよ、まだこんなにゆっくりなのに、それでこの先大丈夫？=You're pulling back your hips you know, even though I'm going so slow, are you going to be fine going forward?
少ししただけでビクビク震えて、これじゃすぐにイってしまいそうね=It's trembling so much from just a slight touch from my tongue, at this rate you're going to cum instantly, looks like.
んふっ、チンポの先がムクムク膨らんで、はぁ、美味しそう=nnfu--, the tip's expanding out, haa, looks so tasty!
このままゆっくりし続けてあげましょうか？　射精してもずーっと、トロトロと精液吐き出し続けるのよ=Shall I keep going slowly like this? Even if you ejaculate, your sticky semen wI'll continue flowing out, slowly!
これくらいがいいのでしょう？　痛いのは好きだものね=This much is fine, right? You like pain, after all!
腰が引けてるわよ、フフッ、みっともない格好=You're pulling your hips back, you know, Fufu--, such a disgraceful posture.
フフッ、腰震わせて、射精我慢してるの？　少しはプライドが残ってるようね=Fufu--, your hips are quivering so much, are you enduring the urge to cum? Looks like you stI'll have some pride left.
我慢汁溢れてきたわよ、いやらしい匂いの正体はこれね=the pre-cum just came flooding out, so this is where the obscene scent was coming from, huh?
楽しくなってきたわ、貴方もでしょう？=This is starting to get fun, don't you agree?
ほらほら、感じてるなら、正直に言いなさい=Here, come on, if you're feeling good, say it out loud!
チンポからいやらしい匂いがしてきたわ、発情したオスの匂いよ=There's an obscene smell coming from your dick, the smell of a beast in heat.
はぁ、可哀相なチンポ、もっと苛めてあげるわ=Haa, such a pitiful dick, I'll tease it more.
少し早くするとすぐイキそうになるのね、堪え性がなくて困るわ=If I increase the pace even a little bit, it feels like you're just about to go over the edge, your lack of endurance is quite troubling.
ほら、もっとチンポ勃たせなさい、反り返って、痛くなるくらいにね=Come on, Get your dick to be more erect, have it arch, so much so that it hurts!
貴方の喘ぎ声、かなり無様よ、録音して聞かせてあげたいくらい=Your pained pants, they're rather unsightly, makes me feel like recording them and playing them back to you.
んちゅ、先を舐められるのがいいんでしょう？　知ってるわよ=*suck*, It feels good to have the tip sucked on like this, no? I know.
貴方の熱いそれ、汚してあげるわ=Your hot thing, I'll defile it!
どう？　女に弱いところを舐められる気分は？　最高でしょう？=How is it, having your weak place sucked on my a girl? I bet it feels the best, no?
私の唾液、たっぷり塗り込んでおいてあげる、誰のチンポか、わかりやすくするためにね=I'll smear it lots with my saliva, so that it's easy to tell just who this dick belongs to!
ちょっと舐めただけでプルプル震えて、なかなか楽しめそうね=Seeing you twitching so much from being licked just a little bit, it's pretty fun.
どんどん先っぽ膨らんできたわね、真っ赤になって、今にも弾けそうよ=The tip's slowly gotten bigger and bigger, hasn't it, it's so red, looks like it could pop at any moment.
感謝の言葉がないわね、舌で舐めてあげてるのよ？　この私が=I'm not hearing any words of gratitude, even though I'm going out of my way to lick it with my tongue!
唾液で汚くしてあげる、フフッ、最初から汚かったわね=I'll defile it with my saliva, fufu--, It was filthy from the start after all.
ほら、何か言ったらどう？　舐められて変な声出してるだけじゃ、わからないわよ=Hey, why don't you try saying something? I won't know if it feels good or not, if you only keep making weird sounds while being licked.
貴方のしなしなチンポ、私の涎でトロトロにしてあげるわ=Your flexible dick, I'll make it all sticky with my drool.
こら、今少し白いの滲んでたわよ、勝手にイこうとするなんて、いけないチンポね=Hey, some white stuff oozed out just now, wilfully coming whenever it pleases, what a hopeless dick!
舌を早く動かすのは少し大変ね、十分感じているようだから、問題はないのでしょうけど=It's a bit of a pain to move my tongue fast, but since you seem to be feeling plenty good, I'm sure there's no problem!
じゅずっ、だらしないお汁は、全部吸い取ってあげる=Your pathetic soup, I'll suck all of it up!
耐えなさい、亀頭ねとねとにされても、すぐに射精してはダメよ=Endure it, even if your glans becomes gooey, you mustn't ejaculate so quickly!
はむっ、ぐぷっ、変な味ね、貴方が不潔だから？=*Hamu*, *Gupuh*, What a weird taste, Is it because you're an dirty person?
はぁ、口に咥えると、熱いのがよくわかるわね=Haa, if I hold it in my mouth, I can clearly tell how hot it is.
口の中、あったかいでしょ、ずっと包み込んでいて欲しい？=It's warm inside my mouth, isn't it? Want me to keep it wrapped around forever?
ぶぷっ、ぽっ、ぢゅずっ……ほら、音立てた方が興奮するでしょ、貴方ももっと喘ぎなさい=Bupu--, Po--, Chuzu--... Come on, making sounds is more erotic, no? You should breathe more heavily too!
ゆっくり口の中で蕩かしてあげるわ=I'll slowly melt it inside my mouth.
ぢゅぽっ、ぷっ、ほら、フェラ顔ってやつよ、こんな顔、貴方以外は見た事ないのだから=Chubo--, Pu--, Look, this is the so-called "fellatio expression", this side of mine, nobody besides you has gotten to see it
ぷっくり膨らんだ亀頭を口の中で押し潰す感じ、はぁっ、最高よっ=The feeling of squashing down a puffed up glans, Haa--, It's the best!
吸い付いて、舐め上げてっ、んっ、咥えると色々できるわね=Sucking on it, Licking it, Nn--, You can do so many things with it in your mouth.
大きくなってきたけど、まだ咥えられる範囲ねっ、んぢゅうっ=It's gotten pretty big, but I can still glomp down on it from the looks of it--, nnjyuu--
いい声が出てきたじゃない、もっとフェラしてくださいって、顔に書いてあるわよ=Aren't those some nice moans, you have "Fellate me more, please" written on your face, you know?
はぁぷっ、チンポ脈打ってるわよ、ピクピク動いて、気持ち悪いわね=Haapu--, Your dick, it's pulsating, twitching like that, so gross!
んぢゅぷっ、根元まで咥えられてっ、こういう事、されたかったんでしょ？=nnjyupu--, taking it in all the way to the base--, you wanted me to do it like this, no?
んぷっ、自分から腰を振り始めたわね、情けないチンポでイキたがるなんて、生意気よ=nnpu--, started swinging your hips on your own, huh. Wanting to cum from your pathetic dick, so cheeky!
勝手に出さないように、出口を舌で塞いでおいてあげるわ、んぇっ、ちゅ、ぶちゅぶ=To stop you from cumming whenever you please, I'll plug up the hole with my tongue, nneh--, chu, bucubu.
この先っぽが、一番感じるとこなのでしょう？=This tip's where it feels the best, no?
下品なくらい真っ赤になるのね、痛くないの？=It's all become quite a vulgar red, does it not hurt?
亀頭みっちり鍛えてあげるわ、すぐ射精しちゃうダメチンポじゃ、面白くないからね=I'll give this glans some strict training, after all, a hopeless dick that cums near instantly is no fun!
このまま亀頭だけでイってみなさい、ドライオーガズムよ、射精してはダメ=Try cumming just from your glans, a so-called dry orgasm. You mustn't ejaculate.
あっ、柔らかいと思ったら、だんだん張り詰めてくるのね=Ah--, I thought it was so soft but, it's getting increasingly tense isn't it?
フフッ、暴れ過ぎよ、そんなに先っぽ気持ちいいの？=Fufu--, you're being too rowdy, does it feel that good in your tip?
我慢汁止まらなくなってきたわね、そのまま出し続けて、ドロドロの精液、吐き出させてあげる=Your pre-cum's coming out endlessly, keep cumming like that, your sticky semen, I'll make you spI'll it out!
パンパンに膨らんだ先っぽ弄られたら、どうなっちゃうのかしら？=If I were to grope your bulging tip, I wonder what wI'll become of you?
腰カクカクさせて、どうしたの？　イキたいの？=What's wrong, why aren't you swinging your hips? Wanna cum?
ビキビキに勃起させたチンポ、亀頭責めで、頭おかしくなっちゃいなさい=Go crazy, from the torment of your glans, of your twitching, erect dick!
んぅ？　私は亀頭を撫でてあげてるだけよ？　そんなに悲鳴みたいな声を出さないでちょうだい=Nn? I'm only just caressing the glans, you know? I'd like you to stop making such scream-like sounds.
フフッ、真っ赤と言うよりは、赤黒くなってきたわね=Fufu--, Rather than flushed red, it'd be better to say it's flushed dark red.
あはっ、情けない声出てるわよ、体プルプルさせて、女の子みたいに弱々しくなっちゃったわね=Aha--, your pathetic moans are leaking out, with your body wobbling like that, you've sure become all weak like a woman!
んふふっ、もっとよがりなさい、亀頭めちゃくちゃにされて、よがり狂いなさい=nfufu--, feel more satisfied, go crazy from satisfaction from having your glans messed around!
ほら、汚いものをシゴいてあげてるのよ、もっと喜んだらどう？=Look, I'm going out of my way to stroke your filthy thing, why not be more thankful?
いつも自分でこうしているんでしょう？　私にされる感覚はどう？=This is what you do all the time by yourself, right? How does it feel to have me do it for once?
チンポシコシコされて、いい感じに出来上がってきたわね、そうよ、貴方はただ感じてればいいの=Your dick's gotten quite lively, being stroked like this. That's right, you can just sit there and enjoy it!
カリをひっかけながらゆっくりされるとたまらないでしょう？　貴方のチンポの事なら何でも知ってるわよ=When I stroke it slowly while holding the glans, it's unbearable, isn't it? I know everything about your dick!
ゆっくりでも、この出っ張った部分をひっかければ、かなり感じるみたいね=If I grab onto this protruding part, even if I go slow, looks like it's stI'll rather pleasurable for you.
このままでいいの？　もっと激しくして欲しい？　なら、きちんとおねだりしなさい=Are you fine with this pace? Want me to go faster? If so, properly beg me to do so!
暴れても無駄よ、私がチンポを離す筈ないでしょう、イキ狂うまで、続けるわよ=It's pointless to struggle, it's not like I'm going to let go of your dick. I'll keep going, until you go mad from orgasms!
あら、自分で汁を垂らして滑りをよくしてるの？　上手くできてるわね=Oh my, do you often use your own juice as lube? You're doing it quite well.
へぇ、こんなに血管が浮き出るのね、グロテスクで気持ち悪い=Heh, so many blood vessals are popping up, so grotesque and gross!
痛いくらいに締め上げて、擦り続けてあげるわ、そういのが好きなんでしょう？=I'll keep rubbing you while pressing down so much it hurts, you like it that way, don't you?
裏筋が伸び切るくらい、激しく扱いてあげるわ、もっといい声で鳴くのよ=I'll stroke it roughly enough that your frenulum might just snap, cry out some more of those nice moans for me!
フフッ、熱くなってるの、摩擦のせいだけじゃないわよね？=Fufu--, it's becoming hotter, but not just because of friction, right?
刺激が強ければ強い程いいなんて、単純よね、その分調教も楽だけど……フフッ=It's pretty simplistic, that the stronger I do it, the more stimulating it is, well, it makes training you easier too... Fufu--
尿道が膨らんできたわね、精子の通り道、根元で塞いであげようかしら=Your urethra's swelled out, your semen's pathway, shall I plug it up at the base?
何故私がこんなところまで……なんだか蒸れて、匂うわよ=Why do I have to go so far... It's kinda stuffy, and smelly.
こんなところ舐められて、気持ちいいの？=Does it feel good, being licked here?
毛が邪魔ね、全部抜くわよ？　こんな汚らしいところを舐めてあげてるのだから、我慢なさい=The hair is in the way, I'mma take it all off, alright? I'm licking your dirty place for you, so endure it!
んふっ、玉袋ずっしりしてるわ、ここに溜まってるもの、全部搾り出してあげるわ=nfuu--, your ball sack's so heavy, the stuff packed in here, I'll squeeze out all of it!
気持ち悪い感触ね、舐めてあげてるんだから、感謝しなさい=What a gross texture, be thankful that I'm licking it for you!
蒸れて臭いわね、日頃からきちんと洗っておきなさい=What a stuffy and mouldy smell, wash it daily properly!
普通こんなところ舐めてあげないのよ、汚くて臭くて、顔を近付けるだけでも吐きそうだわ=Normally I would never lick something like this, it's so filthy and smelly, just bringing my face close to it makes me gag!
強く舐めると舌に絡みついて、気持ち悪いわね=If I lick it hard, it twists around my tongue, so gross!
ほら、精子たくさん作りなさい、私の舌でベトベトにしてあげるから=Come on, make lots of sperm, I'm licking it sticky for you and everything!
玉を舐められながらチンポ震わせて、貴方、今かなりみっともない事になってるわよ=Having your dick quiver while your balls are being licked, you're putting up quite the disgraceful sight right now, you know?
いつまでもこれじゃイケないでしょ？　自分から焦らすなんて、貴方やっぱりマゾなのね=If we keep going like this the whole time, you won't be able to cum, no? Tantalizing your own self, you truly are a masochist!
このコリコリで精子を作ってるのでしょう、なら重点的に舐めてあげるわ=This firm thing is where sperm is made, right? If so, I'll concentrate all of my efforts on licking this place!
コリコリしたとこ、食べちゃおうかしら、口に含んであげたら、もっと気持ちいいかもしれないわよ=This firm and crispy part, shall I eat it? If I put it in my mouth, you might feel a lot more pleasure.
れぇろっ、ほら、チンポの方に精液送り込んであげるわ、気持ちいいでしょう？=*Lick*, Here, I'll push the semen down towards your cock, it feels good, doesn't it?
私にここを弄らせるなんて、貴方、どれだけ危険かわかってる？=Having me play with this part, do you have any idea just how much danger you just put yourself in?
強く握ったら、精子出るのかしら？　試してみたいわね=If I grip it with strength, is semen going to come out? I feel like testing it out.
玉をぐにぐにされて感じてるなんて、貴方、結構アブナイ人よ=Feeling pleasure from having your balls kneeded, you're quite the risky guy!
どっしり詰まった精液、早く出したいでしょう？　フフッ、こんな事してる場合なのかしら？=All that piled up semen, you wanna shoot it out quickly, no? Fufu--, You sure you wanna do that?
はぁ、ダメッ、潰してみたくてたまらないわ=Haa, No good, I really wanna try crushing them!
こう持ち上げるようにして弾ませると、なかなか面白いわね=If you bounce it up and down like that, it's quite interesting.
潰してみたいけれど、精液が出ないと面白くないものね、今はやめておいてあげるわ=I wanna crush them but, if no semen comes out then it'll be quite disappointing, so I'll hold back for now.
強くしたらダメなところなんじゃないの？　貴方がいいなら構わないけど=Isn't it a place where one needs to be gentle? Well, if you're fine with it rough, I don't particularly mind.
なんでこんな弱点を外に付けたのかしらね？　男ってやっぱり馬鹿だわ=Why do you have such a big weakpoint just hanging outside like that? Men truly are idiots.
柔らかいけど張り詰めてて、チンポってそういうところが多いわよね=Soft, yet so taut and tense, dicks have lots of those sorts of areas, don't they?
ちゃんと溜めてきたみたいね、少なかったらしばらく射精禁止にさせるところだったわ=Looks like you've got quite the amount piled up, if for some reason you didn't have enough, I'd have banned you from ejaculating for the time being.
たぷたぷ揺れて面白いわね、強く引っ張ったらどうなるのかしら=It's swaying around so flabbily, very amusing, if I pulled it taut, wonder what it'd look like?
玉を弄ってる時は態度に気を付けなさい、私の気まぐれで、ぷちっといくわよ？=Mind your attitude while I'm playing with your balls, otherwise, I might, on a whim, snap them off!
玉も大分ほぐれてきたでしょう、そろそろチンポを苛めてあげましょうか？=Looks like your balls have loosened up a fair bit too, shall we get to teasing your dick now?
先だけ舐めろなんて、注文が細かいわね=Asking me to lick just the tip, you're pretty picky with your requests!
先っぽ舐め回すだけで、全身震わせちゃって、貴方って感じやすいの？=Having your body twitch all over just from having the tip licked over, are you that sensitive?
真っ赤に腫れて可哀相だから、舌で舐めて気持ちよくしてあげるわ=It's quite pitiful, all swollen red like that, so I'll lick it and make it feel better!
鈴口に舌入れてあげるわ、尿道犯されて、もだえなさい=I'll stuff my tongue in your glans, suffer from having your urethra violated!
この割れ目から精液もおしっこも出るのよね？　なら念入りに舐めてあげる=Both semen and piss come out from this slit, right? Then, I'll lick it gently and carefully.
ゆっくり亀頭の輪郭を舐めていけば、ほら、すぐに限界チンポの出来上がり=If I lick the counter of the glans slowly like this, look, it's already at it's limit now!
んっ、じゅべ、上手くいかないわね、尿道に唾液を逆流させてあげようと思ったのだけど=nn--, jyubeh, it's not working out, I thought to push my saliva back down the urethra in the opposite direction.
知ってるわ、これ、先走りってやつでしょう？=I know, this, it's that pre-cum thing, isn't it?
張り詰めて気持ちよくなった先っぽ、舐め回してあげるわ=Your tense, sensitive tip, I'll lick it all over for you!
乳首もクリトリスもだけど、気持ちいいところは充血するものなのね=My nipples and clitoris are the same way but, the places that have lots of blood flowing through them are the most sensitive, aren't they?
パンパンに膨らんだ亀頭、このまま咥えたら、すぐ射精しちゃいそうね=Your bulging tip, if I put it in my mouth when it's like this, you'll cum near instantly, no?
こんなにダラダラ先走りだして、貴方が射精を我慢するなんて、生意気よ=Leaking out pre-cum like this, enduring your urge to cum, you sure are cheeky!
亀頭は本当に弱いわね、まぁこんな大きいクリがついてると思えば、納得だけど=Your glans truly is sensitive, well if I think of it as an over-sized clitoris, it's understandable.
フフフッ、裏筋から鈴口に向かって舐められるとキツいでしょう？=Fufufu--, It's really harsh when I lick from the frenulum to the glans, isn't it?
ちょっと無口になるわよ、仕方ないでしょ=I'll go quiet for a moment, I can't help it.
んぶぷっ、咥えながら喋るの、難しいわね=npupu--, It's kinda hard to talk while holding it in my mouth.
あらごめんなさい、歯が当たったわね、フフッ、わざとよ=Oh my, I'm sorry, I used my teeth, Fufu--, It was on purpose.
口の中で暴れても無駄よ、離すわけないでしょ=It's pointless even if you struggle inside my mouth, it's not like I'm going to let og!
んぷっ、口の中で、ちゅぶ、膨らんでるわっ、=nnpu--, It's getting bigger, chubu, inside my mouth--
いっつも思うのよね、このまま噛み付いてやろうかって=I always have this thought, about whether I should bite it off like this...?
そうだ、咥えてもらってありがとうございますがないわね？　噛まれたいのかしら？=That's right, you've still not expressed your gratitude to me for putting it in my mouth, you want it bitten off or something?
ふぶっ、凄いわね、まだ大きくなるのっ=Fubu--, Amazing, it's still getting bigger--
ほら、口の中で、気持ちよくなっちゃいなさい=Come on, feel pleasure, from my mouth!
どれだけ我慢汁飲ませる気？　口に溜めて、後で全部飲ませてあげようかしら=Just how much pre-cum do you plan on making me drink? Maybe I'll collect it all in my mouth, and make you drink it all later?
もう出そうなんでしょ？　ぢゅずぷぷっ、吸い出してあげようと思ったのだけど、無理だったみたい=You wanna let it out, don't you? juzupupu--, I tried to suck it out, but I guess that ain't happening.
口の中、貴方のでいっぱいよっ=My mouth, it's full of your stuff!
ふぶっ、やだ、涎垂れてきたっ、これじゃチンポ美味しいみたいじゃない=fubuh--, gosh, no, my drool leaked out, it makes it look like I think your dick is tasty!
んぷっ、口寂しい時はチンポに限るわね、うん、丁度いいわっ=nnpuh--, Whenever my mouth feels lonely, I'll latch onto your cock, yeah, it's just perfect for it!
胸でなんて、また変な事を考え付いたわね=Asking me to use my chest, you've again come up with something weird!
ほら、私が胸でしてあげてるのよ、もっと大きくしなさい=Come on, I'm using my chest for you and everything, make it bigger for me!
おっぱいの間で、チンポビクビクしてるのわかるわ=I can feel your dick twitching in between my tits!
ほら、おっぱいでイッちゃいなさい、精液びゅるびゅるって、情けなく吐き出すのよ=Come on, come from being rubbed by my tits, pathetically shoot out your semen!
どう？　いつもジロジロ見ている胸でされる気分は=How is it, being rubbed by the tits you always keep staring at?
触りたいじゃなくて、挟んで欲しいなんて、発想が完全に変態ね=Instead of wanting to grope them, asking me to use them to sandwich you, your mind is completely that of a pervert!
滑りを良くしたいなら、私の唾か我慢汁、どっちがいいかしら？=Which would be better for increasing the slipperiness, my saliva or your pre-cum?
強くすると、私の胸まで熱くなるわね=If I do it more strongly, even my chest starts turning hot!
先走りが垂れてきたわね、滑りが良くなって丁度いいんじゃない=Some pre-cum leaked out, just perfect, since it made it more slippery.
おっぱい熱いわ、貴方のチンポから、熱が移ってきてる=My tits are so hot, the heat from your dick is being transferred to them.
大好きなおっぱいに挟まれて、夢見心地というやつね、フフッ、何か意地悪したくなるわ=Being sandwich between your beloved pair of tits, it's the stuff of dreams, isn't it, Fufu--, I feel like teasing it, for some reason.
その幸せそうな顔をやめなさい、気持ち悪いわ=Put away that happy expression, it's gross!
おっぱいでイキたいんでしょ？　おっぱいでイカせてくださいって、言わないとダメよ=You wanna cum from my tits, no? You can't, not without asking me for permission by saying "Please let me cum from your tits"
おっぱいにチンポミルク出すつもりね、母乳が出ないからって、余計な事をしなくていいのよ？=You plan on shooting out your dick milk on my tits, no? You don't need to do anything unneccessary just because I can't produce mother's milk, you know!
貴方、これ嫌味でしょ？　仕返しの仕方が幼稚よ=You're being sarcastic, right? Your way of getting revenge is so immature.
まぁ、感度は人並みよ、ちゃんと感じてはいるわ=Well, the sensitivity is about average, I'm properly feeling it.
何故私が、こんなくだらない事に付き合ってあげなければいけないのかしら=Why do I have to go along with you in doing something so rubbish?
これで射精されても、複雑な気分にしかならないわ……=With this, even if you ejaculate, I can only have mixed feelings...
壁とでもしてなさいって言うと、私が悲しくなるのよね……=When you tell me to be just a wall or something, It makes me really sad...
絵面が最低よ。貴方も虚しいだけでしょ=The impression given by this sight is the worst. You too feel it to be pointless, no?
私は適当にやるから、貴方は勝手に擦り付けてなさい=I'll do it properly so, you should rub against it as you please!
あぁもぅ、早く射精しなさい、こんな事、さっさと終わらせるわよ=Aah, Jeez, ejaculate fast, we're ending this quickly!
フフッ、こういう時は大きい方が役立つわね=Fufu--, at times like this, the bigger the better!
自慢の胸で、骨抜きにしてあげるわ=With the chest I'm so proud of, I'll drain you completely!
押し潰されないように注意しなさい、貴方の弱々しいチンポなんて、一瞬でポッキリよ=Be careful to not get flattened. Your weak and frail dick could snap off in a second!
おっぱいマンコで射精しなさい、谷間が精液でべとべとになるとこ、見たいでしょ？=Ejaculate with my boob-pussy, you wanna see my cleavage be all sticky with your semen, no?
ほら、貴方の好きな胸が、大きく揺れてるわよ=Look, your beloved breasts, they're shaking about so much!
垂れ始めたら貴方のせいよ、形を維持するの、大変なのだから=It's your fault they've started drooping down like this, it's really difficult to maintain their shape!
大きい胸にも使い道はあったわね、貴方を苛めて遊ぶには、丁度いいわ=Even a big chest like this has it's uses, it's just perfect for teasing and playing with you!
よかったわね、私が巨乳で、色々と遊べて、楽しいでしょ=Aren't you glad, that I have such big tits, isn't it fun to play around with them?
胸でしながら舐めろなんて、また難しい事を言ってくれるわね=Licking while stI'll using my breasts, huh, you always come up with difficult stuff!
どうなの？　面倒な事をしてあげているのだから、感想くらい言いなさい=How is it? I'm going out of my way to do something so troublesome for you, the least you could do is tell me your impressions!
舐めて暴れたチンポを胸で押さえられるから、これもあながち悪くないわね=I can hold down your rowdy dick with my breasts while I lick it, so this isn't necessarily a bad idea.
これだけサービスしてあげているのだから、たっぷり射精しなさいよ=I'm servicing you so much, so you better let out lots of semen!
貴方贅沢者よ、胸と舌と、両方味わえるのだからね=You sure are living it up, being able to relish both my tongue and my chest!
んぅっ、どっちかというと、自分の乳首が舐めたくなるわ=Nnn--, if I had to pick, I feel like licking my own nipples.
貴方的にはおっぱいと舌、どっちが気持ちいいの？=According to you, which feels better, my tits or my tongue?
こら、腰を引かない、上手く舐められないでしょう=Hey, don't pull back your hips, how am I supposed to lick it properly like that?!
これでイケなかったら、ただの骨折り損よ=If you don't cum from this, it'll be just a waste of effort!
唾液と我慢汁でおっぱいがべちゃべちゃ……ここに精液が混ざるのでしょう？　悪夢だわ=My tits are all messy from drool and pre-cum... Aren't you going to pump your semen in here too? What a nightmare!
貴方は暢気に感じているけどね、こっちは色々忙しいのよ？　まったく=You're enjoying it so carefreely, do you have any idea how hard I'm working? Good grief!
もう早くイキなさい、色々疲れてきたわ=Just cum already, I'm so tired!
貴方もよくわかってないんじゃないの？　チンポ、どんな風に感じてるか説明してみなさい=Don't you know it pretty well too? Explain to me just what kind of pleasure you're experience right now.
もしかして貴方、面倒な事をさせて、さっさと射精させてもらおうという魂胆？=Perhaps, did you get me to do something so bothersome, just so that I'd let you cum quickly?
舐めてはあげるから、胸はいらないでしょう？=I'll lick it for you, so why do I need a bust?
あまり嫌味を続けるなら、もう何もしてあげないわよ？=If you keep up the nastiness, I won't do anything you say ever again, you know?
貴方……今笑った？　ふぅん、そう、一番の弱点を私に晒してる事、わかってる？=Did... Did you just laugh? Hmm, I see, you do know that I literally have my hands on your biggest weakness, right?
貴方にはわからないでしょうね、だからどうわからせてあげようか考えているところよ=You don't understand, do you, that's why I'm thinking about how to make you understand.
変えられないところを弄るのは悪趣味よ……=Messing with me about something I can't change is in bad taste...
私の顔色を窺うのやめなさい、貴方は黙ってさっさとイク=Stop trying to sneak a peek at my facial expressions, just shut up and cum already!
不毛よ、何度やろうと不毛だわ=It's pointless, no matter how many times we try, it's pointless.
速くすると余計虚しくなるわ、もうこれ、何がしたいかわからなくなってきたわね=The faster I do it, the more pointless it becomes, at this point, I don't even know what you want to do.
大きい分固定しやすいから、舐めるのも簡単ね=It's easier to hold down the big parts, so it's easier to lick too.
よくもまぁ、色々と考え付くわね、付き合うこっちの事も考えなさい=You sure some up with the most over-the-top things, why don't you take a moment to think about the person keeping you company too?
こういう事をしたいから、男ってやたら巨乳にこだわるの？=Is it because guys want to do this sort of thing, that they go crazy over big tits?
これ、舐めるのいるの？　おっぱいだけでも、十分チンポ震えてるわよ=Do I really need to lick it? It's already quivering so much with just my breasts alone!
貴方、もしかしてこれがやりたくて、私を選んだの？=Did you perchance pick me because you wanted to do this?
フフッ、どんなに暴れても、そう簡単に逃げられないわよ=Fufu--, no matter how rowdy you get, I won't let you go that easily!
まぁ必然的におっぱいでの刺激の方が強くなるわよね、だって大きいんですもの=Well, It's obvious that you'd get more stimulation from my tits, after all, they're so big!
注文が多い奴を相手にすると面倒ね、まぁ、大きい胸の有効活用と思いましょう=It's bothersome to partner with such a demanding guy, well, let's just think of it as an effective of my big chest, I guess.
いいでしょう、私の全部で苛めてあげるわ=Why not, I'll tease you with my everything!
とりあえずこれは、咥える方に集中ね=For the time being, let's focus on sucking on it.
私が上手いから出来る事よ、感謝しながら射精なさい=It's because I'm good at this, that we're doing it. Shoot out your loud while expressing your thanks!
貴方がやれと言ったのよ、枯れ果てるまで、おっぱいと口で搾ってあげるわ=You're the one who told me to do this, I'll squeeze you out with my tits and my mouth, until you completely wither up!
あまり欲張ると痛い目を見るわよ、例えば、私が間違って噛んだりとか=Don't get too greedy, otherwise you might go through bad time, for example, maybe I'll screw up and bite it, or something.
んぷっ、これっ、上半身全部、犯されてるみたいよっ、=nnpuh--, This--, it feels like the entire top half of my body is being violated!
贅沢な事ね、貴方のダメチンポじゃ、楽しむ暇もなしにすぐイクのがオチよ=So extravagant, with your worthless dick, you won't even have the time to enjoy it, before you cum!
激しくするわよ、ちょっと噛んでも我慢しなさい=Imma do it rough and intensely, even if I bite you a bit, just endure it!
あれもこれと注文して、結局どれが一番欲しいの？=Ordering me to do this or that, in the end, just what would you like me to do the most?
たくさん感じてはいるようね、気持ち悪い喘ぎ声、出てるもの=Looks like you're enjoying it a lot, considering how disgustingly you are panting!
ほら、これだけ一度にしてあげたのよ、一回で終わらせなんかしないからね=Come on, I'm going out of my way to do it all for you in one go, I'm not ending it after just one time.
面倒になってきたわ、貴方、自分で動きなさい=It's become quite the pain, why don't you move by yourself?!
少し黙るわ、色々とやるには集中が必要なの=I'll shut up for a bit, doing so many things at once requires focus!
それで、おっぱいと口、どっちに出したいの？=So, in my mouth or on my tits, where do you wanna shoot it out?
咥えてるだけでいいでしょ……何がしたいのよ=Isn't it fine that I'm sucking you off... What do you wanna do?
口だけはきちんとしてあげるわ、胸は知らない、適当よ=I'll only properly service you with my mouth, with my tits, I don't know, it's whatever!
こういう事をしたいなら、他の女と遊んできなさい=If you wanna do something like this, play with some other girl!
律儀にやってあげてる私も私ね=Just like me, to do this sincerely.
嫌がらせをしたいだけなら、もうやめるわよ？=If you just want to harass me, I'll stop, alright?
段々腹が立ってきたわ、噛み付いていい？=I'm getting rather angry, mind if I bite it off?
それで、いつ射精するの？=So, when are you going to cum?
ほら、さっと射精しなさい、次にいくわよ、次っ=Come on, cum already, we're moving onto the next thing, the next--
胸をいつも見てたのは、こういう事がしたかったからなのね=The reason you always stared at my breasts, was because you wanted to do this sort of thing, huh?
貴方の欲張りに応えてあげられる、私の体に感謝しなさい=I'll let you satisfy your greed, feel pleasure from my body!
おっぱいって結構重いのよ、揺らしながら咥えるの、大変なんだから=My tits are quite heavy, sucking on it while rocking them is quite a pain.
おっぱいと口でしてあげたんだから、二倍射精しなさい=I'm servicing you with both my mouth and tits at the same time, so cum twice as much!
こういう時に胸の大きさって重要になるのね、またいらない知識が増えてしまったわ=It's at times like these that breast size really becomes quite important, ah, I've learned more useless information.
胸も口もって、そのうちまた何か増えそうね=Both my mouth and my tits, sooner or later you'll ask for another thing on top!
おっぱいぶるぶるして、逆にやり辛いわ、大き過ぎるのも考えものね=It's actually kinda hard to do, shaking my boobs this much and all, it makes me think they're almost too big!
大きくなければできなかった事よ、出すならおっぱいの方に出して欲しいわね=If they weren't so big, I wouldn't be able to do this, if you're going to cum, cum on my tits.
先っぽパンパンに膨れてるわ、もう射精するのねっ=The tip's bulging so much, It feels like it's about to burst, you're about to cum huh--
必死に射精を我慢する貴方、最高に滑稽だわ=Looking at you trying your best to endure the urge to cum, funniest thing I've ever seen!
射精したいですって、泣いて懇願しなさい、私はそれが見たいのよ=Beg me, while crying, to let you cum, that's what I wanna see!
このぷっくりしてる尿道を押さえたら、射精も止まるのかしら？　フフッ=If I push down on this puffed up urethra of yours, will your ejaculation also stop? Fufu--
まだ射精してはダメよ？　勝手にイったら、しばらく射精禁止よ=You can't cum just yet, if you do it without permission, I won't let you cum again for quite a while!
もうチンポの事しか考えられないでしょう？　それを支配してるのは私、従属の悦びに震えなさい=You can't think of anything else other than your dick, can you? And the one in control of it is me, quiver, from the joy of being subjugated!
もうイクんでしょ？　馬鹿ね、弄ってる相手に隠し事ができると思った？=You wanna cum, don't you? Truly a fool, thought you could hide it from me, the one who's playing with you?
もっと我慢しなさい、我慢しただけ、気持ちよく射精できるわよ=Endure it more, the longer you endure, the better it'll feel to cum!
イキたい？　イキたいわよねぇ、でもダメよ。ここからが、一番いい表情が見れる瞬間ですもの=Wanna cum? Wanna cum, don't you? But you can't. Since this is the point from where I'll get to see the best expression on your face!
どんどん熱くなってるわ、射精近いのね、出す時はきちんと言いなさい=It's getting hotter and hotter, about to cum, aren't you. Tell me when you're just at your limit alright?
チンポ唾液まみれにされて、みっともなく射精しなさい、全部見ていてあげるわ=With your dick covered with my saliva, cum in the most pathetic manner, I'll watch it the whole way!
まだダメよ、出していいのは我慢汁だけ、全部出し切ってから、ねばねば精液、吐き出しなさい=You can't cum yet, the only thing you're allowed to let out is pre-cum, once you've let out all of it, then shoot out your sticky and thick semen!
舐められながらイクのね、最後までねっとり攻めてあげるわ=You're going to cum while being licked, huh, I'll assault you stickily tI'll the end!
舌の感触、忘れられなくしてあげるわ、射精我慢ながら、たっぷり堪能しなさい=I'll make you unable to forget the sensation of my tongue, enjoy it lots, while enduring your desire to cum!
ベトベトチンポ震わせて、イキたくて仕方ないって感じね、ほら、おねだりしてみなさい=Your sticky dick is quivering so much, feels like you can't help but cum, doesn't it, come on, beg me to let you cum!
もうずっと震えてるわね、限界なんでしょ？=It's been quivering for a while now, you're at your limit, aren't you?
チンポぶるぶる震わせちゃって、フフッ、そう簡単にはイカせないわよ=Having your dick twitch and quiver like that, fufu--, I won't let you cum that easily!
このまま舐められて射精したい？　フフッ、喘いでばかりじゃわからないわよ=Wanna cum while being licked like this? Fufu--, Can't think of anything else beside panting and struggling, can you?
脈打ってるのわかるわよ、精液が上がって来てるのね=I can feel it pulsating, your semen's about to shoot out, isn't it?
しっかり根元まで咥えてあげるわ、イク前のちょっとしたサービスよ=I'll stuff it in all the way to the base, just a little bit of service before you cum.
オスの匂いが強くなってるわよ、チンポから汚い精液、吐き出したいんでしょ？=The smell of a horny male in heat is getting stronger, you wanna shoot out your filthy semen, don't you?
こんなに硬くして、もう我慢なんて無理でしょ？　イってもいいわよ？=So stiff, can't endure anymore, can you? You can cum, you know?
熱くて硬いチンポ、情けなく腰を震わせて、射精したいんでしょ？　フフッ、全部わかってるわよ=Your dick, so hard and hot, and your pathetically moving hips, you wanna cum, don't you? Fufu--, I know everything!
口の中に出したら、一滴残さず吸い上げてあげるわ、覚悟しておきなさい=If you cum in my mouth, I'll suck all of it up, not leaving behind even a single drop, so prepare yourself!
口の中に出してもいいわよ、汚い精液、受け止めてあげる=It's fine if you wanna cum in my mouth, you know, your filthy semen, I'll take it all!
我慢し過ぎて、チンポ痛いくらいなんじゃない？　もう少しよ、もう少しだけ、我慢なさい=Enduring so much, your dick must hurt so much, right? A bit more, endure for just a bit longer!
どれだけ暴れても無駄よ、イクまでしゃぶり続けてあげる、イった後もね=It's pointless no matter how much you struggle, I'll continue sucking until you cum, I'll keep sucking even after you cum too!
出しなさい、外にたくさん、ぶちまけなさい=Let it out, dump lots of it on me!
いいわよ、くっさい精液吐き出すところ、見ていてあげるわ=Go ahead, your smelly semen, I'll watch you shoot it out!
誰がイカせてくれるのか、きちんと覚えるのよ、貴方の飼い主が誰なのか、脳に擦り込みなさい=Memorize clearly who's letting you cum, who your owner is. Grind it into your head!
まずは一発ね、後先考えず、出せるだけ出しちゃいなさい=For now, just shoot it out, without thinking about anything else, just shoot out as much as you can!
ここまで頑張ったご褒美よ、好きなだけ出していいわ=As a reward for enduring for so long, you can cum as much as you want!
いいわ、ドロドロに煮えた精液、思い切り吐き出しなさい=Go ahead, your sticky, boiling semen, shoot it out with all your strength!
イクのねっ、ほらほらイキなさいっ、玉袋の中身、あるだけ吐き出しなさいっ=Gonna cum, aren't you--, come on, cum, shoot out all of it, every last bit that exists in your balls!
よしっ、イキなさい、汚い精子、一気に吐き出しなさい=Alright--, Cum, your filthy sperm, shoot it all out in one og!
これだけ我慢したのだから、意識が飛ぶような射精が出来る筈よ、私が保証するわっ=Because you've endured for so long, you're gonna shoot out so much, you'll faint, I guarantee it.
勢いいいの期待してるわよ、さぁ、貴方の射精、見せてみなさいっ=I'm looking forward to your vigour, now, show me your ejaculation!
んっ、こっちで舌は離すから、貴方はイク事だけ考えなさい=Nn--, I'll pull my tongue off here, so you just focus on cumming!
べとべとになった先から、白いの吹き出すのね、いいわ、見ててあげる=You're going to shoot out your white stuff, from your sticky tip, aren't you, go ahead, I'll watch!
唾液まみれのチンポ波打たせて、ありったけ噴き上げるのよ、わかったわね=Make your spit covered cock surge, spew out all that you can, got it?
チンポべろべろされながら出しなさい、濃厚チンポミルク、自分で搾り上げるのよっ=Shoot it out while I lick your dick, your thick concentrated cock milk, I'll squeeze it out myself!
いいわよ、一番近くで見ていてあげる、貴方が精液噴き出すところっ=Go ahead, I'll watch you gush it out, from the closest spot possible!
いいわよ、イク時の一番情けない声、聞かせなさいっ=Alright, When you cum, lemme hear your most pathetic moans!
よく我慢できたわね、さぁイキなさい、溜めに溜めた精液、ぶちまけるのよっ=You held up well, now cum, all your bottled up semen, dump it out!
最後までしっかり舐めてあげるわ、感謝しながら、射精なさいっ=I'll lick it until the end, be grateful as you cum!
我慢汁をこれだけ出したのだもの、特濃精液が出るわね、はぁっ、楽しみよっ=Now that you've let out so much pre-cum already, the semen's going to be nice and thick. Haa--, I can't wait--
唾液でベタベタになったチンポ、今度は精子で真っ白にするのよっ=Your dick, all sticky with my drool, paint it white with your sperm this time!
出そうになったら口から抜きなさい、私はそれまで咥えてるから=If you feel you're just about to cum, pull it out of my mouth. TI'll then, I'll suck on it for you!
任せなさい、ギリギリまで咥えててあげるわ=Leave it to me, I'll suck on it tI'll just the very end!
頑張って射精我慢したのに、外でいいの？　解放感が欲しいのかしら=Even though you endured the urge to cum for so long, are you sure you wanna do it outside? I wonder If it's because you want to experience a sense of liberation?
ご褒美よ。満足するまで好きなだけ外に出しなさい=It's your reward. Shoot it out all over, until you're satisfied.
飲まなくていいのね、なによ、遠慮してるの？=Don't want me to drink it? What, are you trying to be thoughtful now or something?
あら、飲ませてくれないのね、そういうところで意地を張るの、みっともないわよ=Oh my, you won't let me drink it? Being stubborn about that sort of thing, it's really disgraceful you know?
外ね、いいわよ、イキなさい、私の口から逃げ切れるものならね=Outside huh, alright, do it, if you can manage to take it out of my mouth, that is.
外ね、顔にかかりそうだけど……まぁいいわ=Outside, huh, feels like you just wanna cum on my face though... well, whatever!
情けなく射精する姿、見ててあげる。みっともなく喘いで、イキなさい=I'll enjoy watching the pathetic sight of you coming, struggle disgracefully while you cum!
フフッ、濃厚精液が吹き出すとこ、間近で見ててあげるわ、口を離すタイミングは任せなさい=Fufu--, the sight of you gushing out your thick load, I'll watch it up close, leave the timing of releasing your dick from my mouth to me!
汚い精液、口の中に出すのね、いいわよ、受け止めてあげる=You're going to let out your obscene semen inside my mouth, huh, go ahead, I'll accept it all!
精液の味、覚えさせる気ね、貴方の顔に吐きかけてあげようかしら=Wanna make me remember the taste of your cum, huh, shall I spit some on your face?
えぇ、出しなさい。口の中に特濃精子、味あわせてちょうだい=Yes, let it out, your nice and thick sperm, lemme savour it's taste!
来たわね、まっずい精液も、何度も味わうと悪くないわ、早く飲ませなさい=Here it comes, your disgusting semen, no matter how many times I taste it, I can't get enough of it, hurry up and lemme drink it!
くっさい精液、出されちゃうのね、あぁ、吐いたらごめんなさい=Gonna shoot out all your stinky semen, aren't you? Aaah, If I throw up, I'm sorry!
射精の瞬間、口で感じてあげるわ、ぶるぶるチンポ震わせて、大量射精、決めてみなさい=I'll experience your ejaculation with my mouth, make your dick quiver lots, and make sure to shoot out tons of semen!
情けなく全身震わせて、下品な声を聞かせなさい、そうしたら、口に受け止めてあげる=Make your body twitch pathetically, and lemme hear your vulgar and pathetic moans, if you do, I'll let you do it in my mouth!
フフッ、やっぱりそうなるのね、どうぞ、好きなだけ出しなさい=Fufu--, as expected, it came to this, go ahead, let out as much as you want!
まっずい精液出されちゃうのね、飲んであげるから、みっともなく射精するとこ、見せなさい=Gonna shoot out your disgusting semen, aren't you, I'll swallow it all, so show me your most pathetic side.
あはっ、イク寸前の貴方の顔、最高にゾクゾクするわ、たくさん出しなさい、ほら、早くっ=Aha--, your expression when you're just on the verge of cumming, it gives me the most shivers up my spine, shoot out lots, come on!
くっさい精液、私にかける気ね？　いいわよ、やってみなさい=Your stinky semen, you wanna spray it on me, huh? Go ahead, give it a try!
いい？　どこにかけてもいいけど、私が舌を離してから射精するのよ？=Listen up, I don't particularly care about where you spray it on, but do it after I pull back my tongue, okay?
私にぶっかけようっていうのね、フフッ、大したものだわ貴方=Wanna "bukkake" me up, huh, Fufu--, you've become quite the big shot
んぁっ、凄いわね、どれだけ飛ぶのよ=nnah--, Amazing, how far wI'll it fly?
すっごい量が出てるわよ、我慢した甲斐があったでしょう？=You're shooting out an amazing amount, see, wasn't it worth it to endure it till now?
あぁっ、ひっどい匂いよ、濃いオスの匂いで、頭がクラクラしてくるわ=Aaah--, what a terrible smell, this thick horny smell, it's making my head go all dizzy!
あはっ、出た出た、フフッ、気持ちよさそうじゃない=Aha--, there it is, Fufu--, looks like you're enjoying yourself.
いいわぁ、射精してる時の貴方の顔、最高に苛めたくなるわっ=So good, that expression of yours, when you cum, it makes me wanna tease you so much!
すごい勢いね、いいわよ、最高に下品だわ、私まで背筋が震えてきちゃう=That's some amazing vitality, so good, it's so incredibly vulgar, even I'm getting shivers down my spine!
あぁっ、このっ、かけたわねっ、やってくれるじゃない=Aaah--, This-- You sprayed it on me--, You sure did it alright!
フフッ、せめてもの反撃かしら？　随分可愛らしい事をしてくれるじゃない=Fufu--, Is that all you can muster? What a cute counterblow.
あらっ、くっさい精液かけられてしまったわ、後できちんと舐め取りなさいね？=Oh my--, I got sprayed on with so much stinky semen, make sure to lick it all off later, okay?
盛大に射精したわね、一人でする時もこうなるの？=What a vigorous ejaculation, do you also cum this much when you masturbate?
相変わらずひっどい匂い、オス臭くて、嗅いでると頭がおかしくなりそうだわ=As usual, what a strong smell, smells so much of a pig in heat, if I take even a sniff, my head feels weird.
チンポまだ震えてるわよ、今触ったら、さぞいい反応を見せてくれるのでしょうね=Your dick's stI'll twitching, If I touch it now, I bet I'll get to see a good reaction!
フフッ、射精した後で弱ってる貴方、誘ってるとしか思えないのよね……もっと苛めて欲しいって=Fufu--, seeing your vulnerable side, just after you've cum, I can't think of it as anything but enticement... like it's asking me to bully it more!
こんなに出して、恥ずかしくないの？　折角作った精子、全部無駄になっちゃったわね=Letting out so much, aren't you embarrassed? All that sperm that your body worked hard to create, wasted like this!
びゅるびゅるとまぁよく出したわね。さて、休んでる時間はないわよ、敏感チンポ、苛めてあげる=You sure shot out a lot. Now then, there's no time for resting, gotta tease your sensitive dick even more!
これだけ出してもまだ元気なのね。貴方、苛め甲斐があっていいわぁ=It's stI'll lively even though you shot out so much. Ah, it's worth playing with you!
これは、強烈な匂いね、んぅっ、しばらく鼻に残りそうだわ=What a strong smell, Nnn--, It's gonna stay in my nose for quite a while!
飼い主にマーキングするなんて、悪いペットね、お仕置きが必要かしら=Marking your owner, what an I'll-mannered pet you are. Maybe you need punishment?
盛大にかけてくれたけど、コレ、どうしてくれるのかしら？　ん？=You sprayed it on me all vigorously and whatnot, but how are you going to deal with this? Hmm?
貴方の匂いって強烈だから、肌に染み込むと中々取れないのよね、だからほら、早く舐めて綺麗にしなさい=Your smell is quite strong, so if it soaks into my skin, it won't easily come off, so come on, quickly lick it clean.
ばかっ、こんなに飲み切れないわよ、んぐっ、出し過ぎ……=Idiot--, I can't drink this much--, nnguh--, you let out too much...
これって本当に飲んでも大丈夫なのかしら、そう思うくらいには不味いわよ=It's so unpleasant, it's making me wonder if it's really safe for me to drink this!
また濃いのを出したわねぇ、喉に絡みついて、飲み込むのが大変だったわ=you let out such thick stuff again, it twisted around in my throat, was so hard to swallow!
ねっとり絡む本気の孕ませ汁を出したわね、口マンコに出しても妊娠はしないのよ？　フフッ=You sure let out lots of that sticky, thick impregnation juice of yours. I won't get pregnant if you do it in my mouthpussy though, you know? Fufu--
変な味ね、それに生温かくて、今すぐ吐き出したいわ=What a weird taste, and such raw warmth, makes me wanna puke it out right away!
飲んであげてるけど、毎回ちょっと味が違うのよね、体調とかで変わるのかしら=I've been drinking it for you a lot, but the taste is slightly different each time, I wonder if it's affected by your body's physical condition?
何度も飲んでると、癖になる味ね。青汁みたいなものよ、不味いけど飲みたくなるの=It's a taste that makes you addicted the more you drink it, it's like vegetable juice, unpleasant yet you keep wanting to drink it.
いくらなんでも出し過ぎよ、貴方に半分、分けてあげようかと思ったわ=No matter how you look at it, you let out too much. I felt like splitting it half and half with you.
ほら『飲んでくれてありがとうございます』が、ないわよ？=Come on, aren't you going to say "Thank you very much for drinking it"?
臭くてドロドロして、感覚としては飲むゼリーに近いわね、自分でも飲んでみたらいいんじゃない=It's all smelly and syrupy, sensation-wise, it's almost like a sort of drinking jelly. You should try some for yourself!
ほら、残さずごっくんしてあげたわよ。男ってこういうのが好きなんでしょ？　満足？=Look, I gulped all of it down without leaving a single drop. Boys love this sort of thing, right? Satisfied?
んべっ、こんな不味いもの、言われなくても吐き出すわ=nnbeh--, something this unpleasant, I don't need you to tell me to spit it out.
自分の出したものを見たがるのって何なの？　貴方、トイレでも排泄物を確認するタイプね=What's with you, wanting to look at your own ejaculated stuff? You're the type who even confirms the sight of their own shit when they go to the toilet, huh?
コレ、飲んでみたら？　私だけ飲まされるのは不公平でしょ？=This, why not try some? Isn't it unfair to have only me drink some?
唾液と混ざってもまだ真っ白なチンポミルクよ、牛乳と混ぜて、飲んでみれば？=It's still pure white dick milk even when mixed with saliva, why not try drinking some mixed with cow's milk?
んぐっ、吐いたものの匂いで、また吐きそうになるわね=nnguh--, just from the smell, I feel like vomiting again!
ほら、たくさん出たわよ。正直、一度じゃ飲み切れなかったと思うわ=Look, you came so much. Honestly, I don't think I could have drunk it all in one og.
はい、これが貴方の出した可哀相な精子、すぐに皆死んでしまうわ、全滅よ=Here, these are all your pitiful sperm, they're all going to die near instantly, it's total annihilation!
プリプリザーメン、触ってみる？　自分の出したものの感触、知りたいでしょ？=Your tender seed, wanna try touching it? Don't you want to know what it feels like, to touch the stuff you yourself shot out?
匂いもそうだけど、唾液と混ざって、見た目がひどいわね=the smell is one thing, but after it's mixed with saliva, the appearance too is truly hideous!
情けなく射精したものを見せて欲しいなんて、貴方、とことんマゾなのね=Wanting to show me the semen you pathetically shot out, you truly are a masochist through and through!
ほら、貴方も嗅いでみなさい、こんなくっさいの、いつも飲んであげてるのよ=Come on, you should take a sniff too. This stinky stuff is something I'm always drinking for you, you know?
もっとして欲しいの？　仕方ないわね=You want to keep going? It can't be helped.
まだまだいけそうじゃない。もっと私を楽しませてちょうだい=You can still cum more, I'm sure. Let me have some more fun.
さぁ、もう一度よ、壊れるくらい苛めてあげる。フフフッ=Now then, one more time. I'll bully you to the point of breakdown. Fufufu--
まだ物足りない？　苛めて欲しいなら、いくらでもしてあげるわよ=Still not satisfied? If you want me to bully you, then I'll do it as many times as you like!
フフッ、苛めて欲しそうな顔をしているわね、正直に言ってごらんなさい=Fufu--, that expression, it's just screaming "I want you to bully me". Say it to me clearly
あら、まだそんなに大きくできるの？　絞り甲斐があるわねぇ……=Oh dear, you can still get so big? It's worth wringing it out completely, looks like...
フフッ、ちょっと触っただけでビクビクして、イった後って敏感なのね=Fufu--, it's twitching so much just from a casual touch, it sure gets rather sensitive after cumming once.
ほら、敏感チンポ震わせながら、泣いて悶えなさい=Come on, cry and wail in agony while your cock quivers!
ジワジワと嬲るように気持ちよくしてあげるわ、嬉しいでしょ？=I'm going to make you feel good by playing with it real slow, aren't you happy?
ゆっくりでも辛い？　ゆっくりだから辛いのかしら？=Is it rough even though I'm going so slow? Is it rough because I'm going so slow?
休めると思った？　私はそんなに甘くないわよ=You thought I'd let you rest? I'm not that generous, you know?
さぁ、あと何回射精できるかしら、楽しみね=Now then, let's see, just how many times can you still ejaculate? I'm looking forward to it!
腰ガクガクさせて、かなりみっともない事になってるわよ=Moving your hips like that, it's quite unseemly, you know?
ほらほら、チンポはこんなに元気なんだから、貴方自身もしっかりしなくてはダメよ=Come on, look, your dick's so lively, you too have to get your act together, you know?
射精し過ぎて、根元が痛くなってきたかしら？　でも、やめてあげないわよ=Does it hurt because you've cum so much? Even if it does, I don't plan on stopping!
イった後だから、出したくても出せないんじゃない？　フフッ、辛いわねぇ=Because you've just cum, you can't cum now even though you want to, right? Fufu--, must be rough!
弄られれば何度でも反応してしまう、チンポって悲しいくらい馬鹿なのね=No matter how many times its been, it still reacts every time it's touched and played with, a guy's dick is so stupid, it's almost sad.
フフッ、呂律が回らなくなってきたんじゃない？　ここからが面白いのよね=Fufu--, you're slurring your words. This is where it gets interesting!
ずっと震えて可哀相だから、舐めてあげるわ=It's so pitiful, quivering like that for so long, I'll lick it for you.
オス臭いチンポ、舐めて綺麗にしてあげるわ=This horny-smelling dick, I'll lick it clean for you.
チンポ辛そうだから、舐めてもっと辛くしてあげるわ、優しいでしょ？=Your dick looks like it's having a tough time, so I'll lick it and make it even worse. Aren't I kind?
舌の方が優しく感じられるでしょ？　優しくしようとは思っていないけど=My tongue feels very gentle and nice, right? I'm not trying to be gentle though!
こんなにベトベトにされて、まだ舐めて欲しいの？=It's already so sticky, you still want me to keep licking?
イった後のチンポ、なかなかイケなくてもどかしいでしょ？　舐めて楽にしてあげる=It's rather tantalizing, isn't it, being unable to cum because you just came once? I'll lick it to make you feel better.
舐められて気持ちよさそうにしてる貴方、かなり気持ち悪いわよ=Watching you enjoying me licking you so much, it's pretty gross.
べろべろに舐められて興奮してるの？　ほんと、節操のないチンポね=Getting excited from being licked? Truly, what an unprincipled dick.
唾液の匂い、洗っても取れないくらい付けてあげる。誰が飼い主なのか、わかりやすいでしょ？=I'll lick it so much you won't be able to wash out the smell of my saliva. It'll be easy to tell just who your owner is with that, no?
もっともっと舐め続けて、射精する事しか考えられなくしてあげるわ=I'll keep licking you, more and more, so much that you won't be able to think about anything aside from cumming!
さっきよりチンポ大きくなってるんじゃない？　舐められるの、そんなに好き？=Isn't your dick getting even bigger than before? Do you like being licked that much?
我慢汁噴き出るまで舐めてあげるわ、男の潮吹き、見せてみなさい=I'll lick you until you spray out your pre-cum. Show me how a guy squirts!
貴方幸せね、私に何度も咥えてもらえるなんて=Lucky guy, getting me to suck your dick so many times!
口の中でまた大きくなってきたわよ、いやしいチンポね=It's gotten even bigger inside my mouth, what an obscene dick!
ほら、チンポ溶けそうでしょ、私の口の中で、トロトロになりなさい=Look, isn't your dick feeling like it's about to melt? Melt inside my mouth!
お口で苛めてあげるわ、まただらしなく感じてしまいなさい=I'll torment you with my mouth, feel pleasure from it and become a pathetic mess!
ゆっくりされるとゾクゾクするでしょう？　このまま狂わせてあげるわ=If I do it slowly, it drives shivers up your spine, no? I'll make you go crazy like this!
もっとよ、もっと情けなく喘ぎなさい、チンポ咥えられて、女々しくよがるのよ=More, pant even more pathetically, by sucking your dick, I'll satisfy you like the sissy you are!
また先ばしりが出てきたわよ、口で綺麗にしてあげても、すぐ汚すのだから=Pre-cum's flowing out again, even if I suck it clean, it'll get dirty again in no time!
ほら、口の中で、みっともなく大きくしなさい、何回だって、イカせてあげるわ=Come on, become even more disgracefully bigger inside my mouth, I'll let you cum as many times as you want!
唾液がもう、ねばついてるわ、貴方のチンポ、咥え過ぎたかしら=My saliva, it's already so thick and stringy, did I suck on your dick a bit too much.
唾液が泡立って、口の周りが汚らしくなってきたわね=My saliva's frotthing up so much, it's soiled the area around my mouth, hasn't it?
飽きないように、口の中で色んなところ舐めてあげるわ、フフッ、上手いでしょ？=I'll lick all sorts of different parts from inside my mouth, so that you don't get bored. Fufu--, Aren't I good at this?
あぁ、チンポ美味しくなってきたわね、情けなく震わせちゃって、ずっと咥えていたくなるわ=Aah, your dick's become so tasty, it's quivering so much, I want to suck on it forever!
胸でしてる時って、本当に嬉しそうな顔するわよね、そんなに好き？=You have such a happy expression your face when I do it with my chest, do you really like it that much?
おっぱいおっぱいって、ほんと飽きないわよね、無いものねだりってやつかしら=Always "Boobs, Boobs", you really never get bored of them, do you? I wonder if it's just the desire for something you can't have
ほら、まただらしない顔になってきた、おっぱいで攻めると、すぐ赤ん坊みたいになるのよね=Look, your face's gone loose again, when I do it with my tits, you instantly turn into a baby.
激しくするわよ、胸が柔らかくても、敏感チンポじゃ耐えられないでしょう？=I'm going to get rougher. Even if my chest is soft and tender, you won't be able to bear it with your dick so sensitive, no?
おっぱいの間で、またチンポビクビクし始めたわよ、これなら何度でも射精できそうね=In between my tits, your dick's started twitching again. If it's like this, looks like you can still cum many times!
おっぱいにだって汗はかくのよ、おかげで滑りがいいでしょう？　フフッ=Even tits have sweat glands, you know, thanks to them, it's become very lubricated and slippery, hasn't it? Fufu--
敏感になってるくせに、欲張って大丈夫なの？=Even though you're already so sensitive, you sure you wanna be so greedy?
唾液で滑りがよくなから、丁度いいわね、貴方は大変な事になってるけど=The slipperyness has become just perfect thanks to the saliva, you're in trouble now!
我慢汁出し過ぎよ、精液の分もとっておきなさい、おっぱいと舌で、またすぐにイカせてあげるわ=You're letting out too much pre-cum, leave some room for my saliva too. With my tongue and my tits, I'll make you cum again in no time!
ほら、贅沢した罰よ、胸と舌でよがり狂ってしまいなさい=Here, it's your punishment for being too extravagent, go crazy from the pleasure from both my tits and my tongue!
ほら、みっともなくよがってないで、しっかりしなさい、貴方が欲張った結果よ=Come on, don't slack off, do it properly, it's what you wanted, no?
これ、両方するの大変なのよ、情けなく震えてないで、貴方もチンポ動かしたら？=Doing it with both is a pain, don't just pathetically shake and quiver, move your ass!
これ、色々動かす割に口が塞がるから、ずっとしてると苦しいのよねっ=Moving like this blocks up my mouth, it's kinda really hard to keep this up--
おっぱいで精液押し上げて、口で吸ってあげれば……ほらっ、限界チンポの出来上がり=If I push along your semen with my tits, and then suck on your dick... Look, your dick's at it's limit!
んぅ、私の乳首も痛いくらいに勃起してるわ、揺らしてるだけで、気持ちいいのっ=Nnuu, my own nipples too are so painfully erect, feels so good, just from being shaken around!
これだけたくさんしてあげるんだから、ほら、まだまだ出せるでしょっ=I'm doing so much for you, so come on, you can still cum more--
口の中で暴れてるわ、おっぱいがなかったら、抜けちゃってたかも=It's being so rowdy in my mouth, if I wasn't holding it down with my tits, it might have already escaped.
もっともっと、何もかも忘れてよがりなさい、それが見たくて、ここまでしてあげてるのだから=More, More, Feel so good that you forget everything, It's because I wanna see you like that, that I'm going this far for you, you know?
またイキそうなんでしょ、何回でも出していいわよっ=You feel like cumming again, no? It's fine, you can cum as many times as you want--
また腰が浮いてきたわね、射精したい？　もう出すものもあまり無さそうだけど=Your hips are lifting up again, wanna cum? I don't think there's much left in there for you to shoot out, though.
んふっ、もう私の声も聞こえているか怪しいくらいね、そのままイキ狂ってしまいなさい=nnfu--, I don't think you can even hear my voice anymore, keep going like that and go crazy from your orgasm.
さぁ、またイキなさい、頭おかしくなるまで、射精しなさいっ=Now, cum again, ejaculate until you go crazy!
敏感チンポでよく頑張ったわね、ご褒美よ、また盛大に射精しなさい=You held up well with your dick that sensitive, here's your reward, cum as vigourously as you can!
そうよ、その顔が見たかったの、蕩け切って、何もかも曝け出した、最高に情けない顔、あぁ、いいわぁ……=That's right, I wanted to see that face, that melty, supremely pathetic expression with everything exposed, aaah, so good...
そろそろイクのでしょ？　これだけ舐めてれば、もう簡単にわかるわよ=Gonna cum soon, right? I'm sucking you off so much, so I can easily tell.
フフッ、もうどこを舐めてもイキそうね、チンポ以外でも、イケるか試してみる？=Fufu--, At this point, no matter where I lick, you'll cum, won't you. Wanna test if you can cum from being licked anywhere else?
また熱くなってきたわ、生温かい精子、尿道を上がってきてるのでしょう？=It's become hot again, your incredibly hot sperm, it's rising up your urethra, right?
まだよ、まだイっちゃダメ、はぁっ、もう少し舐めさせなさい=Not yet, you can't cum yet, Haa--, Lemme lick you a bit more!
唾液と我慢汁まみれのチンポで、また情けなく射精しなさいっ=With your dick covered in both drool and pre-cum, ejaculate pathetically once more--
少し舌が疲れてきたわね、もうイキなさい、連続射精、許可してあげる=My tongue's a bit tired, cum now, I give you my permission to continuously ejaculate!
さて、次はどっちに出すのかしら？　口の中、それとも外？=Now then, where do you wanna do it this time? In my mouth? Or outside?
何度目の射精か覚えてる？　もう頭も上手く回っていないのでしょう？=Can you still count how many times you've cum so far? Can't think straight anymore, can ya?
もっと奥まで咥えてあげる、喉に精液、出してもいいわよ=I'll stuff it in even further in, you can cum straight in my throat you know!
もし中で出すなら、舌でぎゅうって、先っぽ押し付けてあげるわ=If you're going to cum inside, then I'll squeeze down your tip with my tongue for you!
はぁ、どんどん従順な犬の顔になっていくわね、調教って面白いわっ=Haa, your expression is gradually turning into that of an obedient dog, the process of training an animal is so interesting--
こら、暴れないっ、噛むわよ？　フフッ、今なら噛んでもイキそうね=Hey, don't be rowdy--, I'll bite, you know? Fufu--, I feel like you'll cum even from being bitten at this point!
いいわ、出しなさい、空っぽになるまで、出し尽くしなさいっ=Go ahead, cum, shoot out everything, until your tank is empty--
よし、イっていいわ、真っ白な精液、盛大に噴き上げなさい=Alright, you can cum, your pure white semen, shoot it out as vigorously as you can!
はいはい、もう細かい事はわからないだろうから、カウントいくわよ、射精まで３、２、１……=Now then, I'm sure you can't tell what's what anymore, so I'll count down for you, ejaculate in 3, 2, 1...
今度はどれくらい出るのかしら、よーく見ていてあげるわ=I'll watch real carefully, to see just how much you can let out this time.
薄い方がよく飛ぶでしょう、どれくらい飛ぶか、見せてもらうわ=If it's watery it'll fly pretty far, let's see just how far it does fly!
また精液出すのね、くっさい精子、そこら中に撒き散らすのねっ=Gonna shoot out semen again huh, gonna scatter your stinky semen eveywhere huh--
何度でも出しなさい、下品に喘いで、私を楽しませなさい=Cum as many times as you can, entertain me with your vulgar and hoarse breathing!
最後に思い切り舐めてあげるわ、そうしたら、また射精なさい=For the final part, I'll go at it hard, with that, cum once more!
貴方のイキ顔、また見てあげる、べろべろに舐められながら、射精なさいっ=I'll watch your expression again as you cum, cum while being licked!
さっきより早かった？　遅かった？　フフッ、どっちでもいいわね=Was it faster than before? Slower? Fufu--, it's fine either way.
やる事は同じよ、貴方が射精して、私が離れる、でも飽きないのよね=It's same as before, you cum, and I pull back, but it doesn't get boring!
さぁ、次はどれくらい出るかしら、勢い余って、顔にかかりそうね=Now then, wonder how much you're gonna cum this time, looks like it's gonna hit my face with how enthusiastic you are!
んふっ、良く出るわね、ほんとにチンポ壊れても、知らないわよ=nnfu--, a whole lot is coming up, if your dick really breaks, don't blame me, okay?
チンポまた脈打ってる、精液上がってきてるの、わかるわっ=Your dick's pulsating again, your semen's coming up, isn't it, I can tell--
外でいいのね、気が変わったら、また次にすればいいわ=You're fine with outside, huh, well if you change your mind, there's always next time.
ん？　何？　もうまともに話す事も難しそうねっ=Nn? What? Even just talking clearly is difficult now--
飲まなくていいの？　フフッ、好きになさい、貴方が射精するのだからね=Sure you don't want me to drink it? Fufu--, Do as you like, you're the one who's going to cum, after all!
くっさい精液、また撒き散らすのね？　フッ、私に対する嫌がらせかしら=Your stinky semen, you're going to spread it around everywhere again, huh? Hah, I wonder if this is targetted harassment towards me?
残さず吸い上げてあげるわ、好きなだけ出しなさい=I'll suck up all of it without leaving a single drop, so cum as much as you like!
まだ出せるのね、いいわ、今度こそ全部、吐き切りなさい=still got some left in there, huh, alright, this time for sure, shoot out all of it!
そう、それでいいの、情けない声で喘いで、口の中に、欲望をぶちまければいいのよっ=That's right, just like that, struggle and moan pathetically, and empty out all of your lust in my mouth--
フッ、飲めばいいんでしょ、わかってるわ=Hah, you just want me to drink it, right? I get it!
薄くなってても飲んであげるわ、その方が、飲みやすいしね=I'll drink it even if it's watery, it's easier to drink it when it's like that anyway.
どれだけ出しても受け止めてあげるわ、残った精液、全部吐き出しなさいっ=No matter how much you shoot out, I'll accept it all, so shoot out every last bit of your remaining semen!
はぁ、終わったらすぐシャワーね、貴方の匂い、取れにくいのよ？=Haa, I'll have to take a shower as soon as we're done with this, it's hard to get your smell off, you know?
女の体に精液をかけたいなんて、呆れた変態趣味だわ=Wanting to cover a girl's body with your semen, you truly have quite amazingly perverted tastes!
あまり薄いと面白みがないわよ？　頑張って濃いの出しなさい=It's not appealing if it's all watery, you know? Work hard and shoot out thick stuff instead!
また引くくらい出したわねぇ、これだけ出せれば、私のセックスペットとしては合格ね=You shot out an almost disgusting amount again, if you can keep it up every time, then you get a pass as my sex pet!
かなり溜まってたみたいね、こんなに出せるとは、私も思ってなかったわ=Looks like you had quite a lot piled up in there, I didn't think you could shoot out this much either.
はぁ、どんどん匂いが濃くなってくわね、底の方に溜まったものなら、もっとキツイ匂いがするのかしら=Haa, the smell is gradually getting stronger and stronger, if the stuff piled up way at the bottom comes out, I wonder if its going to smell even more intense?
精液出る所が真っ赤よ、これ以上出したら、まずいかもね=The place where your semen came out from is all crimson, you know, if you cum even more, it might actually be bad.
ねぇ、私の顔、ちゃん見えてる？　目が虚ろで、今にも倒れそうよ？=Hey, are you paying attention to my face? You're staring pretty blankly, you look like you could collapse at any time.
射精した後も、ずっとビクビクしてるけど、チンポ壊れちゃったかしら？　フフフッ=Your dick's still twitching, even though you already came, did it break? Fufufu--
ふぅん、私にかけたわねぇ、悪戯じゃ済まないわよ……お仕置き決定=Hmm, you really did spray it on me, you can't pass it off as a prank you know... Decide your punishment!
あはっ、くっさい精液かけられちゃったわぁ、ダメよ、こんな事しちゃ、もっと苛めたくなるでしょう？=Aha--, I've been sprayed on with such stinky semen, you mustn't do that, it makes me wanna torment you even more!
そう、私にかけるって事は、もっとして欲しいって事よねぇ？　いいわ、もっと泣かせてあげる=I see, so by spraying it on me, I can take that to mean that you want me to keep going, right? Alright, I'll make you cry even more!
今、一瞬意識が飛んでいたでしょう？　流石にもう無理かしら=Just now, you lost consciousness for a split second, didn't you? I wonder if any more would be too much?
ようやく出し切った？　私はある程度満足したわよ、でも、まだして欲しいというのなら……んふっ=Finally empty? I'm satisfied, to a degree anyway, but, if you wanna keep going... nfuu--
なに？　まだ苛めて欲しいの？　大した奴隷根性ね=What? You want me to keep bullying you? Rather servile aren't you!
一度休憩なさい、壊してしまうのが惜しくなったわ=Take a small break, it'll be disappointing if it breaks!
まだ萎えないの？　驚愕のチンポね。わかったわ、とことん付き合ってあげる=still not dead yet? What a frightning dick. I got it, I'll keep you company till the end.
貴方、変なクスリでもキメてるの？　ちょっと異常よ、こんなに出して=Are you on some weird drugs or something? It's rather strange to let out this much, you know?
さて、次はどう苛めてあげようかしら、リクエストはある？=Now then, how should I torment you next, do you have any particular requests?
はぁ、こんなに何度も出されたら、絶対匂いが残るわね。変な噂が立つ前に、公表した方がいいかしら=Haa, if you keep shooting out this much every time, the smell will definitely linger. Maybe we should make an official announcement, before weird rumours spread.
そろそろ優しくして欲しい？　フッ、違うわよね？　貴方は苛められるのが好きなんだもの=You want me to go gentle this time? Hah, no, right? You're someone who loves being tormented, after all!
けぷっ、嫌なげっぷね……貴方の味が戻ってくるわ=*burp*, what an unpleasant burp... It brought back your taste.
口の中、精液の匂いかしないわ。呼吸するだけで、むせかえりそうよ=The smell of semen in my mouth, it isn't going away. Just breathing makes me wanna gag!
んぅ、まだ喉に絡むわね、もっとすっきり飲めるようになるまで、出し続けてもらうわ=Nnu, it's still twisting in my throat, I'll have you keep cumming for me, until it starts going more easily.
薄いと飲みやすくていいわ、さっぱり味ね=The thinner it is, the easier it goes down, even has a refreshing taste.
流石に薄くなったわね、生温かい腐ったスポーツドリンクみたい、水分補給には丁度いいのかしら=It's become rather watery, like a lukewarm rancid sports drink. In a way, perfect for rehydration.
精液でお腹たぷたぷになりそうね、貴方の子種、私の胃酸が全部殺してるところよ=My belly's gotten all sloshy from your semen, I bet all your sperm are currently being completely annihilated by my gastric acid!
ほら見なさい、まだこれだけ出せるって、どういう事なの？=Here, take a look, just what is up with you, still shooting out so much?
薄くなってくると、少し面白みがないわね、やっぱり真っ白でないと、精液って感じがしないわ=When it becomes watery, it almost doesn't have any appeal. As I thought, unless it's pure white, it almost doesn't feel like it's semen.
近くに来てよく嗅いでみなさい。愛液の匂いもするでしょう？　私もね、貴方を苛めて濡れてるのよ=Come closer and take a good sniff. Smells of love juice, right? I've become wet too, from tormenting you like this!
ぉえっ、ちょっとえずいて、胃酸まで混ざったわ、ひっどい匂いね=Oweh--, It's a bit unpleasant, even my stomach acid's mixed in now, what a terrible smell.
ほら、今回はこれだけ出たわよ、自分で見た感想は？=Look, you came this much this time, what are your impressions, from looking at it?
さぁて、これで出し切ったかしら？　終わりにしてもいいわよ？　それともまだ出せる？=Well now, are you finally spent, with this? We can stop here, you know? Or do you still have some left in there?
（開始時台詞）バカは高いところご好きと言うけど、変態は水が好きなのね=They say idiots love tall places, but perverts love water, huh?
気持ちいいだけのハーレムになると思った？　私がいる事を忘れてはダメよ=Did you think you got yourself a harem that existed purely for your own pleasure? You mustn't forget that I'm here too!
もう覚悟はできた？　これから二人がかりで、チンポを苛めてあげるわ=Prepared yourself? Henceforth, we're both going to torment your cock together!
二人いるって大変よ？　どちらも満足しないと、ずっと終わらないのだから=It's quite hard to do 2 people at once, you know? It won't end until you satisfy us both.
すぐにイって、私達をがっかりさせないこと。どちらかが良いと言うまで、射精禁止よ？=Don't cum prematurely and disappoint both of us. Until one of us gives you permission, ejaculatation is forbidden.
みっともないくらい大きくなってるわよ？　二人に責めらえれるのが、そんなに楽しみ？=You're getting disgracefully big you know? Are you looking that forward to being tormented by the two of us?
他の子がいるからって、私は手加減しないわよ……いつも通り、全力で苛めてあげるわ=Just because there's another girl present, it doesn't mean I'll go easy on you... Just as usual, I'll torment you with all my might!
フッ、プルプル震わせちゃって……普段より情けなさも二倍ね=Hah, it's shivering so much... Even your patheticness is double the usual amount!
二人分の舌の感触はどう？　気持ち良すぎて、狂ってしまうんじゃない？=How does it feel, being done in by 2 tongues at once? Aren't you going crazy from the pleasure overload?
ほら、見てみなさい……少しチンポ舐められただけで、男ってこんなみっともなくなっちゃうのよ=Here, take a look... Just from being licked a little bit, boys become this unseemly!
んっ、貴方のマッズいチンポとは違って、女の子の唾は美味しいわね……=Nnn--, Unlike your disgusting dick, a girl's saliva is pretty delicious...
こんなにガチガチにして、目の前に女が二人もいるのに……貴方は結局無駄打ちね=Frozen stiff like that, even with 2 girls waiting in front of your eyes... You truly are a waste of time.
はぁっ、二人でこのチンポ、めちゃくちゃにしてやりましょう=Haa--, let's mess up this dick together!
お礼がないわね？　貴方ごときを、二人で相手してあげているのよ？　何か言う事があるんじゃない？=You truly are an ingrate, aren't you? The two of us are keeping the likes of you company, isn't there something you should be saying to us right now?
んふっ、チンポの先が真っ赤に膨れてきたわね、こうなったら、もう我慢なんて無駄よ=nfu--, the tip of your dick is swollen red, now that it's come to this, there's no point in enduring further!
フフッ、だらしない声が漏れてるわよ……貴方、誰の前でも情けないのね=Fufu--, your pathetic moans are leaking out you know... You're always pathetic, no matter who's in front of you, huh?
もっと強いのが好みでしょう？　貴方は痛いくらいが、好きなんだから=You like it even rougher, don't you? You love being done in to the point it hurts, after all!
我慢汁なんて出して、それは私達を誘ってるって事よね？=Even letting out pre-cum, you're trying to lure us both with it, aren't you?
貴方ごとき、二人で相手するまでもないのだけどね……贅沢な快楽を堪能なさい=The two of us don't need to work together against the likes of you but... Well, just enjoy the extravagant pleasure!
悪あがきはやめなさい、私だけでも手に負えないのだから、二人なんて耐えられるわけないわ=Stop the futile resistance, you can't handle even just me by myself, let alone the two of us together!
チンポこんなにビクビクさせて、一思いに射精させて下さいってサインかしら？=Your dick's twitching so much, is it a signal, like asking "Please let me cum with all my might"?
見てみなさい、射精を我慢している顔って、最高に惨めでしょう？　これがいいのよっ=Take a look, his expression when he's enduring the urge to cum, isn't it the most miserable thing you've ever seen? It's great--
二人分の快楽を感じて、頭おかしくなるくらい射精しちゃいなさいっ=Feel 2 people's worth of pleasure, and cum, so much so that you lose your mind--
今にもイキそうって感じね？　いいわ、射精させちゃいましょ=Feels like he's almost on the verge of cumming, no? Alright, let's make him blow his load!
ほら、イケばいいじゃないっ、私達の前で、無様に射精しちゃいなさいっ=Come on, why not cum already--, Ejaculate pathetically in front of us!
これだけパンパンにして、出るのはほんのちょっとなんて、やめなさいよ？=When it's about to burst like this, don't even think about letting out only a small amount, okay?
あぁっ、気を付けなさい、無駄に濃くて汚らわしい精液が出るわよっ、大量にねっ=Aaah--, Be careful, he's going to shoot pointlessly thick and repulsive semen--, a bit amount at that--
いいわよ、私達が引くぐらい、盛大に射精なさいっ=Go ahead, shoot out a magnificent amount--, enough to make us both pull back!
射精の瞬間、私達に見ていて欲しいのね？　この変態っ=You want us to watch you as you cum, don't you? Goddamn pervert--
出しなさいっ、私の口で、根こそぎ吸い上げてあげるわっ=Let it out--, Ill suck all of it up, with my mouth, all the way to the base--
そうね、貴方のくっさいザーメンなんて、外に出すわけにはいかないものっ=Indeed, your stinky semen, we can't have you do it outside!
私の口に出したいのね？　射精中も、ずっと舌で舐め回しててあげるっ=You wanna do it in my mouth, don't you? I'll keep licking you the whole time you're cumming!
そう、貴方の精液は全部私のものっ、射精しながら、頭に刻み付けなさいっ=That's right, All your semen belongs to me--, engrave that into your mind while you cum--
それが懸命だわ、貴方の精子を飲まされるなんて、この子が可哀相だもの=That's pretty valiant, having to drink your semen, I feel bad for her.
いいわ、射精許可してあげるっ、私達に見られながら、みっともなく射精なさいっ=Go ahead, I give you permission to cum, cum pathetically, in front of our eyes!
あらあら、お気の毒、まっずい精液、口の中に出されちゃうのね=Oh dear, my condolences, you're going to have that disgusting sperm shot into your mouth.
射精してるチンポ、口の中で苛めると楽しいわよ？=It's fun to play with the dick while it's cumming in your mouth, you know?
ご愁傷様、そんなに臭い精液をかけられて、災難だったわね=My condolences, being sprayed on with semen that stinky, what a misfortune.
また遠慮なくかけられたわね……後は私が相手しておくから、洗ってきてもいいわよ？=He unhesistantly sprayed so much on you again... I can keep him company from here on out, so you can go wash up if you want to, you know?
嫌ならすぐに吐き出しなさい、無理に飲み込まなくてもいいのよ？=If you don't like it, just spit it out, you don't have to force yourself to drink it, you know?
ほら今よっ、一番弱ってる時に、思い切り吸い上げてやりなさいっ=Look, do it now--, this is when he's weakest, suck it up with all you've got--
へぇ、私にかけるなんて……これは、お仕置きして欲しいってアピールよね？=Heh, spraying it on me... This counts as a request for punishment, right?
あぁっ、やっぱりくっさい……でも、この強烈な匂いが、なかなか悪くないのよね=Aaah--, It really is stinky... But, this supremely intense smell, not bad, I could get used to this...
精液の量が少ないんじゃない？　次は私の口で、もっと出させてあげるわ=Isn't that too little semen? I'll make you cum lots more with my mouth next!
ほら、射精した後の男って無様でしょう？　汚いものを撒き散らして……ホント、最低よね=Look, aren't boys really unsightly right after they cum? Spreading out their filthy stuff everywhere... Truly, the worst, aren't they?
あら、よく飲めたわね。お腹を壊しても、知らないわよ？=Oh my, you gulped it down pretty well. Don't come to me later if your stomach hurts, okay?
んくっ……何でもないわ、少し喉が鳴っただけよ=nnkuh--... It's nothing, just a rumble from my throat.
フッ、それでいいのよ。こんな精液、吐き出されて当然なのだから=Hah, it's fine that way. Semen like this, it deserves to be spat out.
あーあ、飲んでももらえなくて、これで本当に無駄打ちね=Aaaah, you couldn't even get her to drink any of it, with this, it truly was a waste...
（んんぶぅ！！んん…んぉ……んぶ…へぁ……んふ）=(Nnnpuh!! Nnn... Nnooh... Nnpuh... Heahh... Nnfu)
マゾ豚の為に足でしてあげてるんだから、もっと感謝しなさい=I'm using my feet for a perverted masochist pig like you, so be more grateful.
哀れなマゾ豚チンポを、私が直々に躾けてあげるわ=I'll discipline your pitiful maso pig cock personally.
この私が足でしてあげているのだから、相応の対価があるのよね？=You're getting the one and only me to do this, so you'll cough up a fair compensation for me, won't you?
これで喜ぶのはマイノリティだってことは自覚してるの？　変態さん=Do you have any awareness that you're in the minority for enjoying this? My little pervert.
ほら、大好きな足よ？　堪能なさい=Look, it's the feet you love so much. Have your fill of them.
気の毒になるほど惨めなマゾ豚チンポを扱いてあげるなんて、我ながら優しすぎるわね=I'm being very kind today, aren't I? Going out of my way to wring out your miserable, wretched masochistic pig cock for you.
早くしてと懇願したのは貴方よ？　私は要望に応えてあげただけ=You're the one who begged me to go faster, you know? I was just answering your demands.
いい勃ち具合ね、苛め甲斐があるわ=Nicely erect, you're making it worth my time now.
あら、気が利くじゃない。我慢汁のおかげで、苛めやすくなったわ=Oh my, so your head does work. That pre-cum's making it easier for me to bully you.
使い物にならないくらい、強く擦ってあげるわ=I'll rub it so hard, it'll break and become useless.
見るからにパンパンね。そんなに勃起させて、痛くないのかしら=You're looking awfully erect there. I wonder if it hurts.
私は理解のある女よ。変態の趣味嗜好はお見通しってわけ=I'm an understanding woman. I can see right through what a pervert like you wants.
（乳首だからといって感じ過ぎよ。だらしないわね）=(You're enjoying this way too much, for what this is. How pathetic.)
（みっちり乳首に快感を叩きこんであげる）=(I'll hammer the pleasure right into your nipples.)
（無様に勃起した乳首を舐めるのも、中々楽しいわね）=(It's pretty fun to lick these pathetically erect nipples of yours too.)
（たっぷり乳首を開発してあげるから、楽しませてちょうだい）=(I'll train your nipples thoroughly for you, so show me a good time.)
（舌全部を使って、乳首を舐め回すわ）=(I'll use my entire tongue to do it.)
（大好きな涎をたっぷりつけてあげるから、感謝しなさい）=(I'll spread on lots of the drool that you love so much, so be grateful.)
（気持ち良すぎて震えるなんて、情けないわよ）=(I can't believe you're twitching from the pleasure, how pathetic.)
（まだまだ開発できそうね、楽しみだわ）=(There's still room for more training, how exciting.)
（隅々まで舐めてあげてるのよ？　喘ぎ声じゃなくて感謝の言葉を聞かせなさい）=(I'm licking every nook and cranny, you know? Don't wheeze like that, be grateful with every word.)
（私の舌に集中しなさい。余計なことは考えなくていいの）=(Focus on my tongue. You don't need to think about anything else.)
（自分がみっともない喘ぎ声を出してることに気付いてないの？）=(Do you not realize how pathetic your pants are getting?)
（私の舌遣いは、我慢できるほど甘くないわよ）=(My tongue technique isn't so sweet and gentle that you can just endure it like that.)
（これだけ舐めてあげてるんだから、しっかりイキなさいよ）=(I'm licking you all this much, so properly cum.)
（まだ……まだよ……限界まで我慢しなさい……）=(Not yet... not yet... endure until you can't anymore...)
（上手におねだりできたら、気持ち良くイカせてあげるわ）=(If you beg nicely like a dog, I'll let you cum nicely too.)
（今にも射精しそうなのに堪えているのね。滑稽だわ）=(You're really enduring the urge there, aren't you? How absurd.)
（貞操帯を付けるのが嫌なら、死ぬ気で耐えなさい……）=(If you don't want me to put a chastity belt on you, then endure like your life depends on it...)
（必死にこらえているけど、イキそうなのはバレバレよ。見栄を張るのはやめなさい）=(You're enduring for your life there but, it's clear as day that you're about to burst. Stop putting on airs.)
（いいわよ。惨めに射精するところを見ててあげる）=(Sure. I'll watch you ejaculate miserably.)
（いいわよ……みっともなくびゅるびゅる射精しなさい）=(Sure... gush it all out pathetically.)
（金玉にどっしり溜まった精液、全部だしなさい）=(Shoot out everything you've got stored in those balls.)
（あら、もう終わり？　まあ、楽しめたしイッていいわよ）=(Oh my, already? Well, I had my fun so you can cum, I don't care.)
（ふふ……よく我慢できたわね。少しだけ褒めてあげる）=(Fufuh... I'm surprised you held in that long. Good boy.)
（さぁ、イクのよ。マンコに中出しするつもりで出しなさい）=(Now then, cum for me. Cum like you're cumming inside my pussy.)
(初挿入)はぁ、まさか本当に貴方に処女を捧げるなんてね……何かの悪夢かしら=Haa, to think I really gave you my virginity... Is this a bad dream or something?
どうしたの？　どこに挿れるか忘れた？　ココよ……しっかり覚えなさい=What's the matter now? Forgot where you have to put it in? It's here... Remember it clearly!
何をしているの？　焦らすなんて生意気よ、早く挿れなさい=What are you doing? It's pretty brazen of you to keep me waiting, put it in quickly!
へぇ、私を焦らすなんて、貴方何様？　そのチンポは飾り？=Heh, making me wait for it, who do you think you are? Is that dick a decoration?
何？　今更怖気付いたの？　そういう所がダメなのよ=What? Getting cold feet now? You know, that's one of your biggest flaws.
こういう時まで愚図なのね、そんなに大きくして、何を躊躇っているの？=You're gonna stay a dullard till the end, huh, you're so big already, what are you hesitating for?
いい所を見せようとする必要はないわ。最初から期待していないから、緊張するだけ無駄よ=You don't need to go out of your way to show me your good sides or whatever. I never expected such a thing from you from the start, so there's no point in pointlessly stressing out about it!
ガチガチに勃起させて、このまま放っておいたら、貴方何もしなくても射精しそうね。フフフッ=Your dick's so stiff, I don't think there's a need to do anything, if I leave it as-is, I feel like you'll cum just like that. Fufufu--
焦らしているつもりならやめておきなさい、私の気は変わりやすいわよ=If your master plan was to tantalize me, just give it up already, I'm a pretty fickle person, you know?
何故そこで固まるの？　この私が相手をしてあげているのよ。１秒だって無駄にしないで=Why are you getting frozen stiff there? I'm going out of my way to keep you company, you know. Don't waste even a second.
ほら、早くなさい。貴方は私に突っ込んで、何も考えず惨めに精液吐き出し続ければいいの=Come on, get on with it. No need to overthink it, all you have to do is stuff your thing in me, and just pathetically shoot your semen!
来なさい。覚悟はできるわ、遠慮は無用よ=Come. I'm ready, so no need to hold back!
興奮するのは構わないけど、調子に乗らないこと、わかった？=I don't mind if you get excited, just don't get carried away, got it?
私のマンコで、たっぷり可愛がってあげるわ=I'll torment you lots with my pussy!
フフッ、今日はどれくらい持つか楽しみね。いくら貴方だって、少しは慣れてきたでしょう？=Fufu--, I'm looking forward to seeing just how long you can hold on today. Even someone like you should have gotten a bit used to it by now, no?
入って来るのね、そのグロテスクなものが、私の中に……=You're gonna stuff it in huh, that grotesque thing, inside me...
貴方、震えてるの？　無理もないわね、この私に挿入しようというのだから=Are you shaking? Well, it's understandable, after all, the one you're putting it into is me.
奥まで一気に突っ込みなさい。遠慮せずに、思い切り突き込むのよ？=Penetrate all the way to the back in one go. Without holding back, stuff it in with all your might!
私と繋がれる事に、感謝しながら入れなさい=Stuff it into me while being thankful that you get to be connected with me!
来なさい。貴方のチンポだけは、少しだけ認めてあげてるのよ？=Come. Your dick is one of the few things I'm willing to deem worthy, even just a little bit, you know?
もう何度も経験しているけど、この瞬間は毎回たまらないわね。さぁ、私を乱れさせてみなさい=No matter how many times I experience this moment, it's still irresistable, every time. Come, mess me up.
何を考えているの？　貴方、避妊は常識よ？　それとも今すぐやめる？=What are you thinking about? Using contraception is common sense, you know? Or shall we stop this very instant?
ペニスをもがれたいの？　避妊くらい、言われなくともしなさい=You want your dick snapped off? Something like contraception, I shouldn't need to tell you to use it!
いいかげんゴムくらい最初から付けておきなさい=Learn to atleast put on a condom first thing, gosh!
生に憧れる気持ちもわからなくはないわ。でも、私とエッチできるというだけで貴方には十分過ぎる程よ=It's not like I don't understand the feeling of wanting to do it raw. But, just getting to have sex with me should be more than enough for you.
はぁ、ゴムを付け忘れてるわよ。それとも、生でしたいとか、甘い事を考えている？=Haa, you forgot to put on a condom, you know? Or is it that you're still thinking overly optimistic things like you'll get to do it raw?
そのだらしなく大きくしたモノに早くゴムを付けなさい。生でなんて、許さないわよ=Quickly put a condom on that disgustingly big thing of yours. Raw sex is completely forbidden.
貴方に責任なんて取れないでしょう？　イキがるのはやめて、素直にゴムを付けなさい=You can't take responsibility, can you? Stop putting on airs, obediently put on a condom.
私と生でしたいの？　フフッ、随分調子に乗っているようね。私が笑顔でいるうちに、早くゴムを付けなさい=You wanna do it raw? Fufu--, You've gotten quite cocky, haven't you? Quickly put on a condon, while I'm still sporting a smile.
貴方の子を産むなんて、考えただけでおぞましいわ。避妊はきっちりしなさい、命令よ=Just the thought of having your children is repulsive. Put on a condom properly, that's an order.
危険日に自分から付けてくれると、女は嬉しいものよ。覚えておきなさい=It makes women happy if you put it on yourself when it's an unsafe day for them. Remember that.
ふぅん、なんでゴムが付いていないのかしら？　そんなに去勢されたいの？=Hmmm,why aren't you using a condom, I wonder? Do you wanna be castrated that much?
危険日に生でなんて、許す筈ないでしょ。誰が率先して、貴方の子なんて産みたがると思うの？=Doing it raw on a dangerous day, obviously I can't excuse that. Who out there wants to take the initiative to have your children?
いちいち言わなければわからない？　今日は危険日よ、察しなさい=Can you really not understand without me having to point out every single thing? Today's an unsafe day, learn to take a hint.
今日は絶対ダメよ。今すぐゴムを付けなさい、私の手をわずらわせないで=Today is definitely no good. Put on a condom right this instant, don't make me do it myself.
私の危険日くらい、言われなくても察しなさい。ほら、さっさとゴムを付けるのよ=You should understand that it's a dangerous day for me today, without me having to tell you. Come on, put on a condom already!
貴方、何か勘違いしているようね。これは繁殖行為じゃない、私が貴方で遊んでるだけなのよ？=Looks like you're misunderstanding something. This is not an act of breeding, I am just playing around with you.
乱暴にしたら容赦なく蹴るから、そのつもりでね=If you get reckless, I'll mercilessly show you my boot, so act accordingly!
そうね、貴方には汚い場所がお似合いよ、お尻に入れなさい=Indeed, a filthy place does suit you, put it in my butt!
特に準備はしていないけど、まぁ貴方がどうなろうが知った事ではないし、入れたいならどうぞ？=Well I hadn't prepared for it but, well, I don't care what becomes of you in the end, so go ahead if you want to, I suppose...
貴方のケツマンコ好きにも困ったものね。おかげですっかり感じるようになってしまったわ=Your liking for my anal pussy is quite troubling. Thanks to you, even I've started feeling good from it nowadays.
ふぅん、私のお尻を開発するつもり？　面白いわね、やってみなさい=Hmmm, planning on making my ass into a fuckable hole? Interesting, give it a try.
お尻の方が締め付けが強いわよ？　すぐにイったら、笑ってあげるわ=I can clamp down pretty hard with my ass, you know? If you cum prematurely, I'll laugh at you!
私のアナルで、ギチギチに締め付けてあげる。情けなくよがって、私を楽しませなさい=I'll clamp down tight around you with my anus. Feel good in your pathetic manner, entertain me.
貴方の粗末なモノには、ケツマンコがぴったりよ=My analpussy is perfect for your crude and rough rod.
アブノーマルな趣味に付き合う気はないわ、もっと常識で考えなさい=I'm not in the mood to go along with your abnormal fetishes, think something that's a little bit more aligned with common sense.
そんなにお尻でしたいなら、自分の尻穴でも開発していなさい=If you wanna do it in the ass that much, do it in your own ass instead.
貴方がお尻に挿れさせてくれたら、考えてもいいわよ？　そのための器具は買ってあるから=I'm fine with it, as long as you let me do it in your ass instead. I've bought the necessary gadgets for that.
今はアナルの気分じゃないわ。貴方の希望なんて聞く気はないから、早くマンコに入れなさい=I'm not feeling like anal at the moment. I'm not in the mood to listen to your wishes, so just quickly put it in my pussy.
ダメよ、汚い所に入れたがるのは、貴方の心が汚れてる証拠ね=No can do, the fact that you wanna put it in a filthy place like that is proof that your own heart is filthy too.
お尻はダメよ。色々と準備が必要なのだから=Buttsex's off limits. It needs proper preparations beforehand.
待ちなさい、お腹の調子が悪いの。今したら、貴方のチンポ、酷い事になるわよ？=Stop right there, my belly's in bad shape. If you do it now, your dick's going to suffer pretty badly, you know?
私のアナルはもういいわ。開発するなら貴方のよ。ほら、自分でケツ穴を拡げてみなさい=Forget about my ass, if we're going to work on something, let's work on making your ass pleasurable instead. Come on, try spreading out your asshole.
（処女）んくっ、予想以上ね……んんっ、何でもないわ=nnkuh--, It feels better than I expected... Nnn--, it's nothing.
んっ、入って来ながら大きくなって……んぅっ、私の中、拡げてるわっ……=Nn--, getting even bigger while you're thrusting into me... Nnn--, My insides, they're spreading apart--...
あぁっ、フフッ、いいわ、もっと奥まで入ってきなさい、遠慮は無用よ=Aaah--, Fufu--, It's great, go even deeper, no need for restraint!
んぅっ、もう情けない声をあげて……このまま出すなんてこと、しないわよね？=Nnn--, you're letting out such pathetic moans... You're not going to cum like this already, are you?
（処女）こら、初めてなのよ……少し考えなさいっ……=Hey, it's my first time... Be a bit more thoughtful--...
んくっ、貴方馬鹿なのっ……こっちにも準備というものが……んぅうっ=Nnkuh--, You're an idiot--... I needed to prepare myself too... Nnnnn!
んぁっ、不意打ちしたつもり？　子供みたいな事をしないで=Nnah--, Planned to catch me off-guard? Don't do such childish things!
こら、がっつき過ぎよ。そんなに慌てなくても、たくさん苛めてあげるから、安心なさい=Hey, you're being too greedy. You don't need to be in such a rush, I'll tease you lots, so rest assured.
（アナル処女）お尻っ、んぁっ、こんな風になるのねっ……=My ass--, Nnah--, It's going to become like this--...
んぅぅっ、お尻は少し、勝手が違うのよ……ゆっくり入れなさい=Nnnnu--, My ass is a bit different... Put it in more slowly!
ふぅ、いいわこの感じ、最高よ、アナルもっと奥まで拡げなさい=Fuh--, This feeling's great, it's the best, spread out my anus all the way even deeper!
あぁ、来てる、貴方のダメチンポで、アナルごりごり拡がって、はぁ、気持ちいいわ=Aaah, it's coming, my ass is being scraped and spread apart with your hopeless dick, haa, feels great!
（アナル処女）ばかっ、強引よ……お尻、初めなんだから=Idiot--, you're being too overbearing... It's my first time, with my ass...
んぐっ、こらっ、貴方やっぱりバカね……いきなりお尻に入れるなんて……=nnguh--, Hey--, You really are an idiot... putting it into my ass all of a sudden...
はぐっ、やったわね、いきなりアナルに入れるなんて、貴方生意気よ=haguh--, you went and did it, putting it in my ass all of a sudden, you sure are cheeky!
フフッ、悪戯チンポにはお仕置きが必要ね、覚悟しておきなさい=Fufu--, A naughty dick like that needs befitting punishment, prepare yourself!
（処女）そう、そこが一番奥よ、貴方の粗末なモノでも届いたわね=That, That's the deepest place, even your humble and shabby cock reached it huh?
貴方のモノでも、入ってしまえば気持ちいいものね。さぁ、始めなさい=Even with your thing, it'll feel good if it goes in. Now then, start!
はい、到着。そこが終点よ、それより奥は子宮……勝手に入ったら、怒るからね？=It's arrived. That's the terminus, deeper ahead is the womb... If you stuff it in there willy-nilly, I'll get angry, okay?
んぁっ、貴方、また少し大きくなったんじゃない？　私の調教の賜物ね、ンッフフ=nnah--, you just got a bit bigger again, didn't you? It's the fruit of my training of you, isn't it, Nnfufu!
んふっ、中で震えてるのがわかるわ……もうイキそうなの？　まだ入れただけよ？=nnfu--, I can feel you quivering inside me... Are you about to cum already? You only just put it in you know?
早速情けない声をあげて……まだ始まったばかりよ？　簡単にイってもらっては困るわ=Letting out such pathetic moans this early... We've only just started, you know? It'll be quite troubling if you cum so easily!
貴方、チンポだけはいいもの持ってるわ……これだけで、飼ってる価値があるというものよ=Your dick's one of the few good things you have... With just that, it's worth to keep you as a pet!
どう？　私に食べられた気分は……んっ、そう簡単には離さないわよ=How is it, the feeling of being swallowed up by me... Nn--, I won't let you go so easily!
さぁ、確認よ。私が許可するまで、勝手に射精は禁止。わかってるわね？=Now then, time for a review. Until I give you permission, you're forbidden from cumming as you want. Got it?
いい？　貴方のチンポも精液も、全部私のもの。勝手にイったらタマを潰すわよ？=Listen up. Both your dick and your semen too, all of it belongs to me. If you cum without my say-so, I'll crush your balls!
（処女）貴方、本当に常識がないわね。初めては優しくするものよ……まったく=You really have no common sense, do you. You're supposed to do it gently, the first time... Good Grief!
はぁ、私の事をもっと考えなさい=Haa, you should think more often about how I feel!
ほら、それで？　早く動かないと、必死に掴んだアドバンテージがなくなるわよ？=Come on, what's next? If you don't make a move quickly, the advantage you so desperately managed to grasp will slip away, you know!
チンポ震えてるわよ？　強引にして、自分がイキそうになっているなんて、フフッ、笑わせないで=Your dick's quivering, you know? Being on the verge of cumming yourself after being so overbearing, Fufu--, Don't make me laugh!
んくっ、日頃の仕返しをしたつもり？　代償は高くつくわよ？=nkuh--, Is this revenge for how I usually treat you? You'll pay dearly for this, later!
もっと必死になりなさい。私を満足させるのは、そう簡単ではないわよ=Be even more desperate. You can't satisfy me that easily.
んふっ、どうやら元気が有り余っているようね……今から全部、搾り尽くしてあげるわ=nfu--, looks like you have a bit too much energy to go around... From here on, I'll squeeze out every last drop of it from you!
（アナル処女）はぁ、思ったよりは、何とかなるものね。いいわよ、続けなさい=Haa, looks like it'll work out in the end. Alright, Keep going!
変な感触……まぁ、大した問題ではないわ=What a weird sensation... Well, it's not a big deal...
フフフッ、私のお尻を開発するなんて……身に余る光栄に、チンポが震えてるわよ？=Fufufu--, being able to work on and train my ass... Is your dick twitching because it's too great an honour for it?
んっ、全部入ったわね。排泄物みたいにひり出されたくなかったら、必死に突き込みなさい=Nn--, the whole thing went in, huh. If you don't want it to be forced out like a piece of shit, ram it in as desperately as you can.
んぅっ、何故か息苦しくなるわね……まぁいいわ、すぐに慣れるでしょ=Nnn--, For some reason, it's become kinda hard to breathe... Well, it's fine, I'm sure I'll get used to it soon.
はぁ、この息苦しいいの、いいわね。すっかり癖になってしまったわ=Haa, this sense of suffocation, it's great. I've already become addicted to it!
あぁ、お尻にハマる連中の気持ちがわかったわ、これは悪くない……いいえ、最高よ=Aaah, I understand why those anal nutters love this so much, this isn't bad at all... No, It's the best!
（アナル処女）っふぅん、やってくれるじゃない……最悪な初めてを、ありがとう=Fuun, you've done it now... Thanks, for the worst first-time ever.
よくもこんなっ……調子に乗り過ぎよ、少し痛い目を見せないとダメなようね=You've got some nerve... You've gotten too cocky, looks like I'll have to make you go through some pain after all.
んぐっ、人にした事は自分に返ってくるものよ？　なによ……何故そこで頷くの？　まったく……=nnguh--, What goes around, comes around, you know? What... Why are you nodding to that? Good grief...
お尻なら勝てると思った？　残念、私に弱点はないのよ。貴方の弱点は、全部知っているけど=You thought you'd gain the upper hand with my ass? Too bad, I don't have any weak points. But I do know all of yours, though.
ぐっ、許可を取りなさいといつも言っているでしょう……お尻だって同じよ=Guh--, Don't I always tell you ask for permission first... That rule is still unchanged for my ass too!
んんっ、役割を履き違えないで、乱暴にするのは私……貴方じゃないわ=Nnn--, Don't misunderstand your role, the one who's supposed to be rough is me... Not you!
小癪な事を……これで主導権を取ったつもり？　すぐに泣き顔にしてあげるわ=Such an impudent thing... Planned to take over the initiative with this? I'll reduce you to tears in no time!
フフッ、何よ、そんなに必死になられたら、貴方でさえ可愛く見えてしまうじゃない……やめなさい=Fufu--, What's with that, if you act so desperately, I'll start thinking of even someone like you as cute... Stop it!
動いたらすぐ出てしまいそうなのかしら？　フフッ=Feel like you're going to blow your load as soon as you move? Fufu--
んっ、どんどん大きくなってるわね。もう動いてもいいのよ？=Nn--, It's getting bigger and bigger. It's fine if you wanna move, you know?
動かないなら、こっちからいくわよ？　私はそれでも全然構わないわ。むしろ好ましい=If you're not going to move, then I'll start doing it myself, you know? Not that I mind that, I actually prefer it.
この私を抱ける事に、改めて感動しているのかしら？　フフッ、早くしないと、夢が覚めてしまうわよ？=Are you feeling emotionally moved from being able to embrace me like this, all over again? Fufu--, If you don't get on with it quickly, you're going to wake up from this dream, you know?
私の中を堪能しているのかしら？　まぁ、好きになさい=Are you trying to savour my insides? Well, do as you like.
私に気を使っているつもり？　貴方に情けをかけられるようになっては、お終いね=Are you trying to be considerate to me? It truly is the end of the world, if I'm being shown compassion and kindness by you out of all people.
何を躊躇っているの？　セックスくらいしか取り柄がないのだから、良い所を見せてみなさい=What are you hesitating for? You have almost no value aside from sex, so show me your good side!
まだセックスも満足にできないの？　本当に学習能力が低いわね=Can't you even have sex properly? You truly have low learning capacity, don't you.
ほら、何を呆けているの？　ここからが本番でしょう？=Come on, what's the hold up? This is where it gets real, no?
ほら、動いてみなさい。貴方、どうせすぐイクのだから、見栄を張っても無駄よ=Come on, try moving. You're going to cum near instantly anyway, so it's useless to put on airs!
さぁ、どう攻めてくるのかしら？　何をしたって、貴方では私に敵わないけどね=Now then, how are you going to start your assault? No matter what you end up doing, it'll be no match for me though.
あら、私に動いて欲しいのかしら？　いいの？　チンポ、使い物にならなくなっても、知らないわよ？=Oh my, do you want me to move? You sure? Don't blame me if you can't use your dick anymore after this, alright?
今更遠慮した素振りを見せても無駄よ、ここまでしたのだから、きちんと動きなさい=It's pointless to behave modestly now, we've come this far already, so just start moving.
だらしなく震えているくらいなら、早く動きなさい。少し退屈してきたわ=Quickly move, fast enough that it starts quivering pathetically. I've become rather bored.
いつものケモノみたいな勢いはどうしたの？　貴方から性欲を取ったら、何も残らないでしょ？=What happened to your usual animalistic vigour? Without your sexual drive, you have nothing left, no?
ほら、さっさとケツマンコほじくりなさい、私が許可してあげてるのよ？　何も恐れる事は無いでしょう？=Come on, dig out my ass already, I'm giving you my permission, you know? Is there anything to be afraid of?
粗末なモノでも、お尻だとキツイわね……=Even if your thing is rough and crude, doing it in the ass is tough...
私に気を使うのは良い事よ。次は、私が望んでいる事を察してみなさい=It's good that you're being considerate of me. Next, try guessing what I desire right now?
何？　私のお尻に不満があるのかしら？　怒らないから、正直に言ってみなさい=What? Are you dissatisfied with my ass? I won't get angry, so tell it to me straight.
チンポに自信が無いのはわかるけど、このままじゃ本当に役立たずよ？　さぁ、どうするの？=I know you don't have any confidence in your own dick, but if you keep this up you truly will be a good-for-nothing. Now, what're you going to do?
貴方と違って、綺麗にしているわ。心配無用よ、好きに動いてみなさい=Unlike you, I keep it clean. There's no need for so much caution, try moving as you like.
お尻なら何度出しても大丈夫なのだから、早漏の貴方も安心でしょ？=It's safe to cum as many times as you want in my ass, so even a premature ejaculator like you should be fine, no?
誰が休んでいいと言ったの？　ほら、無様に腰を振りなさい、アナルでたっぷり苛めてあげるわ=Who told you it was fine to take a breather? Come on, move your hips awkwardly, I'll tease you lots with my analpussy!
今更遠慮するような関係ではないでしょ？　ほら、ケツマンコで喘ぐ情けない声、たっぷり聞かせなさい=Getting modest at this point, we don't have that sort of a relationship, right? Come on, struggle in my anal pussy, and let me hear lots of your pathetic moans!
んぅっ、折角入れさせてあげたのに、勝手に抜くとはどういう事？=Nnn--, I even let you put it in, just why did you pull it out without my permission?
ここまで来て、まさかお尻でしたいなんて言わないわよね？　優柔不断は嫌いよ=You're not going to say that you're suddenly more interested in doing it in my ass instead, are you, after we've come this far? I hate indecisiveness!
抜けちゃったじゃないの？　下手糞ね=Didn't it slip out? You suck.
射精しそうになったの？　いい判断ね。勝手にイっていたら、キツイお仕置きが待ってたわよ=Felt like you reached your limit? Good call. If you came without permission, you'd be in some rather hot water!
何故抜くの？　こういう時まで貴方は意味不明ね=Why did you pull it out? Even at a time like this, you still don't make any sense!
私の体で遊ばないで、あまり調子に乗っていると、痛くするわよ？=Don't play with my body, if you get too carried away, it'll be painful for you!
抜いていいなんて言ってないわよ？　勝手な事ばかりしないでちょうだい=I didn't say it was okay for you to pull it out, you know? Don't do whatever you want willy-nilly!
んぅ？　何のつもりかしら？　まさか、私のマンコが気に入らないなんて、言わないわよね？=Nnn? What're you doing? No way, you're not going to say that my pussy doesn't feel good or whatever, are you?
フフッ、イキそうになったの？　だからといって、勝手に抜くのは感心しないわね=Fufu--, At your limit? Even if you are, pulling out your dick like that isn't something I can approve of!
数少ない貴方が役に立てる場面なのよ。なぜ真面目にやらないの？=There are very few places where you can be useful. Why aren't you taking this seriously?
大丈夫よ、チンポは溶けてないわ。ほら、早く挿れ直しなさい。トロトロに溶かしてあげるから=It's alright, your dick's not melted. Come on, quickly put it back in. I'll melt it down for you.
自分で拡げたお尻を見るなんて……貴方、趣味が悪いわね=Staring at the ass you yourself spread out... You have strange fetishes.
ふざけないで、そう何度も出し入れする所ではないわよ？=Don't mess around, that's not a place where you can pull it in and out so many times like that, you know?
こらっ、どうして抜くの？　まったく、使えないチンポね=Hey--, Why did you pull it out? Good grief, what a useless cock!
抜けたの？　抜いたの？　前者だったら、貴方最低よ。これだけセックスして、まだ下手なのだから=It slipped out? You pulled it out? If it's the former, you're absolutely the worst. We've had so much sex, yet you still suck so much!
んっ、抜けた後も少しの間は拡がっているのね……変な感覚よ=Nn--, It stays spread out for a little bit even after it's taken out... What a strange sensation.
貴方が思っている以上に、お尻でするのは大変なのよ。そこを理解しなさい=It's really bothersome to have it done in the ass, you know, more than you realize. Understand that!
アナルに入れただけでイキそうになったの？　早漏にも程があるわよ？=Hit your limit from just putting it in my ass? Even if you're a premature ejaculator, that's a bit much, isn't it?
マンコでしたくなった？　私はどっちでもいいわよ、貴方が搾り取って欲しい方を選びなさい=Feel like doing it in my pussy instead? I don't care either way personally, I'll squeeze you out either way, so pick your poison.
入れたのなら最後までしなさい。それがオスの役割でしょ=If you've put it in already, go the whole way. That's your role as a stud, no?
もう休憩？　だらしないのね。アナルの締め付けが強すぎたかしら？　フフッ=Taking a break already? What a slacker. Was my analpussy clamping down too tight? Fufu--
フフッ、ケツ穴の奥まで見たくなった？　いいわよ、貴方が拡げた穴、好きなだけ見なさい=Fufu--, Feel like taking a peak all the way down my asshole? Go ahead, look down the hole you spread apart as much as you want!
いいじゃない、正直予想以上よ、性器を繋げただけで、こんなに感じるものなのね=It's pretty good, honestly better than I expected, just from being connected at your genitals, it feels this good!
私の中は気持ちいいかしら？　貴方のはまぁまぁね、悪くはないわ=Do my insides feel good? Your's is pretty so-so I'd say, not bad though.
少しは腰使いもマシになってきたじゃない。ご褒美にキツく締め付けてあげるわ、ンッ……=You've gotten a bit better at using your hips. As your reward, I'll clamp down tight around you, Nn--...
もっと思い切りできないの？　フフッ、できないわよねぇ……貴方のチンポ、早くも射精しそうだもの=Can't you do it more boldly? Fufu--, You can't, can you... Your dick, it's already at it's limits after all!
腰つきがぎこちないわね。一突き毎に歯を食いしばって……フフッ、滑稽よ=You're moving your hips so awkwardly. Clenching your teeth with every thrust... Fufu--, It's pretty funny.
フフッ、愚図な貴方には丁度いい速度ね。いいわよ、お互いゆっくり楽しみましょう=Fufu--, for a dullard like you, this is the perfect speed. No problem, let's enjoy this together, slowly.
私は優しさだけで落とせる女じゃないわよ、もっと緩急を付けて、乱れさせてみなさい=I'm not a woman who'll fall for someone just from gentleness, increase the tempo, mess me up!
随分優しくしてくれるじゃない。それとも、強くできない理由があるのかしら？=You're being rather gentle, for once. Or is there a reason you can't do it with intensity?
そうよ、そうやって中をほぐして、じっくりと感じさせなさい……=Yes, just like that, dig out my insides, take it slow, make me feel it thouroughly...
何を遠慮しているの？　ほら、もっと本能で動いてみなさい、貴方、そういうの得意でしょ？=What are you holding back for? Come on, move more instinctively. You're good at that sort of thing, no?
へぇ、貴方もやればできるじゃない、セックスしてるって感じがしてきたわ=Heh, You can do it if you try, finally I feel we're actually having sex!
早く動くのは構わないけど、すぐにイったら、つまらないわよ？=I don't mind if you wanna move fast, but it'll be boring if you cum in no time, you know?
いいわ、もっと私を求めなさい、私の事だけ考えなさい、それ以外は何もいらないわ=Good, covet me more, think only of me, anything else is completely unnecessary.
あはっ、どんどん大きくなってるわ、そうよそれでいいの、私のマンコ、もっと拡げてみなさい=Aha--, It's steadily getting bigger, yes, just like that, keep going, spread my pussy out even further!
ただ早く突けばいいというものでもないでしょう、そんなんじゃすぐに飽きてしまうわ=Just thrusting as fast as you can isn't good by itself, if you keep it up, I'll get bored in no time!
愚図だと思っていたけど、早く動けるじゃない、いつもこうだといいのだけどね=I thought you were a dullard, but you're moving pretty fast, would be nice if you could always do it like this though.
興奮するのは構わないけど、もっと私を感じさせなさい=I don't mind you getting a bit too excited but, work on making me feel good too!
奥よ、もっと奥まで、思い切り突き込みなさい、子宮吸い付けて、先っぽ苛めてあげるわ=The back, don't hold back, thrust deeper, all the way to the back, I'll tease the tip of your dick, by sucking on it with my womb!
必死な貴方、見てるとゾクゾクしてくるわ。はぁっ、悪くない感じよ=Looking at you being so frantic sends a jolt through my spine. Haa--, It's not a bad feeling, not bad at all.
自分だけ先にイこうとしているでしょう？　それじゃセックスにならないわよ？=You're trying to go ahead and cum by yourself first, aren't you? It's not really intercourse that way, you know?
変な声で喘いでないで、もっと本気になりなさい。まさか、この程度で終わりじゃないでしょうね？=Don't pant in that weird voice, be more serious. You're not thinking of ending it just like this, are you?
いい感じね、マンコかき混ぜられて、愛液が泡立ってきたわ……フフッ、本気汁ってやつよ=Feels nice, my pussy being scrampled up, the pussyjuice is foaming up... Fufu--, it's become the so called "love juice"
んくっ、流石に窮屈ね、出し入れされる度に、お腹の中、持っていかれそうになるわ=nnkuh--, It really is quite the tight fit, every time you pull it in and out, I feel like my belly's going to be sucked out alongside your thing!
あぁ、早くこの感じを、貴方にも覚えさせてあげないとね……フフッ、楽しみよ=Aaah, This feeling, I've quickly got to make you feel and remember it ... Fufu--, I can't wait!
一突き毎に、感謝の気持ちをこめなさい。普通お尻でなんて、させてもらえないのだからね=Everytime you thrust it in, do it with a feeling of gratitude. I would normally never let you do it in my butt, after all.
ほらもっとチンポ大きくしなさい、アナルの締まりに負けてるわよ？　この弱小ダメチンポっ=Come on, make your dick even bigger, it's losing out to the tightness of my ass, you know? This weak, puny dick--
お尻も、悪くないじゃない……んふっ、きちんと感じられるように、もっと丁寧にほぐしなさい=Buttsex is, not bad either... Nfuu--, loosen it up even more, so that it feels even better.
ほら、貴方のチンポはその程度？　使えないチンポなら、捨ててしまうわよ？=Come on, is your dick only of that much caliber? If it's useless thing, I'll throw it away, you know?
あら、時間稼ぎかしら？　そうよね、アナル好きの早漏なんて不名誉、流石に貴方も嫌よね。フフッ=Oh my, are you trying to drag it out? Indeed, I understand, it's very shameful to love anal yet be a quick-shooter, isn't it? Even you don't want to be like that. Fufu--
貴方、ずっと腰が震えてるわよ？　自分でお尻に入れた癖に、情けないわね=Your hips have been quivering this whole time, you know? Even though you put it in my butt as you pleased, truly pathetic.
いつもの勢いはどうしたの？　お尻だからって、遠慮する必要はないのよ？=What happened to your usual vigour? You don't need to be so hesitant just because it's my butt, you know?
クソチンポには、やっぱりケツ穴がお似合いね。ここが貴方の居場所よ、よく覚えておきなさい=an analpussy is the perfect partner for a shitty dick like yours. This is where you belond, remember it well.
んぅくっ、ちょっと、下品な音を立てないでちょうだい=nnkuh--, hey, could you not have me make such vulgar sounds?
はぁっ、貴方にお尻を許しているなんて、悪夢より質が悪いわ=Haa--, to think I'm yielding my ass to you, this is even worse than a nightmare!
フフッ、マンコでする時より大きくなっているんじゃないの？　どうしようもない変態チンポね=Fufu--, aren't you even bigger than when we do it in my pussy? What an incorrigibly perverted dick.
あぁっ、そうよ、本気ピストンで、私をのアナルを落としてみなさいっ。貴方にできるものならねっ=Aaah--, Yes, with that earnest pistoning, try making my analpussy fall for you--. That is, if you can--
さぁ、私が慣れるまでが、唯一のチャンスよ……少しは、乱れさせてみなさい=Now then, before I get used to this, you have only a single chance... try messing me up a bit!
そうよ、もっと必死になりなさい、私をお尻でイカせてみなさい=Yes, that's right, become even more frantic, try making me cum from my ass!
気持ち悪い声……お尻でしてあげてる時の貴方、正直引くわ……フフフッ=What a creepy voice... The way you get when you're doing me in my ass, it honestly makes me wanna pull away from you... Fufufu--
はぁぁ、いいわ、これよ、こういう激しいのを求めてたのよ、フフッ、少しはわかってきたみたいじゃない=Haaa, so good, this is it, this intensity is what I've been longing for, Fufu--, Looks like you're finally starting to get it!
あぁっ、お尻でも、本当に感じるものなのね……んぅっ、なかなかいいじゃない=Aaah--, You really can feel it in your butt too, can't you... Nnn--, It's pretty good!
ようやく調子が出てきたみたいじゃない、さて、どこまで持つか、見させてもらうわ=Looks like you've finally figured out the rhythm, now then, let's see how long you can keep it up!
ほら、もっと硬くしなさい、そんなフニャチンじゃ、お尻のキツさに耐えらないわよ=Come on, become harder, with such a limp dick, you won't be able to endure the intensity of my ass!
ほらほらっ、アナルの締め付けに負けてるわよ？　これなら、脱糞の方がまだ感じるわっ=Come on, you're losing out to my ass's tightness, you know? Rather than this, even shitting feels better--
欲張った分、全てきちんと気持ちよくするのよ=You asked for this, so you have to properly make me feel good, you know?
フフッ、がっついちゃって、そんなに私とできるのが嬉しい？=Fufu--, you've become pretty greedy, haven't you, does being able to do it with me make you that happy?
まったく好き放題して……気持ちよくなかったら、叩いていたところよ=You really are doing as you please, good grief... If it didn't feel good, I'd have beat you up for this!
そうよ、なりふり構わず、私を感じさせてみなさい=Just like that, forget about how you look, just make me feel good!
そこ、一緒にされるといいわね、もっと触ってみなさい=That place, If you do both at once, it's great, feel it up even more!
息を荒くして、興奮し過ぎよ。まぁ、この私が相手なのだから、無理もないのかしら=You're way too aroused, breathing that heavily. Well, you have me for a partner, so it's understandable.
少しは私の事がわかってきたようね、そのまま続けなさい、気持ちいいわ=Looks like you're finally starting to get me a little bit, keep going like that, it feels great.
贅沢するのは構わないけど、腰を止めるんじゃないわよ？　わかってるわね？=I don't mind you indulging yourself, but you mustn't stop moving your hips. You get that, right?
どさくさに紛れてやりたい放題ねっ、これでイケなかったら、貴方本当に役立たずよ=You sure are irresponsible, getting lost in your own confusion--, If you can't make me come because of this, you really would be useless!
腰のスピード、落ちてきてるんじゃない？　まだまだ力量不足ね、フフフッ=Isn't speed of your hips slowing down? Still pretty incapable, I see, Fufufu--
あぁっ、いいわよ、その貪るような腰使い、正にケダモノね、貴方らしくて、いいじゃない=Aaah--, that's great, that lustful way of moving your hips, it really is beastly. It fits you, no?
んぁっ、そこも悪くないわね、一緒に昂っていく感じよ=Nnah--, That's not bad either, feels like they're being aroused at the same time.
もう夢中って感じね。求められるのは嫌いじゃないわ、ほら、もっと頑張りなさい=Feels like ecstacy, doesn't it. I don't hate being lusted after like this, come on, work harder!
全力以上を出しなさい、きちんと頑張りは見ていてあげるわ、上手くできたら、ご褒美をあげる=Shoot beyond your limit, I'll watch every bit of your tenacity, If you can do it well, I'll give you a reward!
くだらない事をするなら、今すぐ止めるわよ=If you're going to do stupid things, I'll stop right here.
ふぅん、いつもの仕返しってわけ？　まったく、器の小さい男ね=Hmmm, is this payback for the usual? Good grief, what a small and intolerant man.
人が嫌がっているのを見るのは楽しいでしょう？　でもね、あなたも後でやり返されるのよ=Isn't it fun to watch people recoil in hate? But, you know, I'll be making you do the same later.
フフッ、どうやら身分がわかっていないようね。私に嫌がらせをして、タダで済むと思っているの？=Fufu--, Looks like you don't understand your own status. Do you really think you'll get away scot-free, after harrassing me like this?
ちょっと、何を考えているの……そんなところで、感じる筈がないでしょう=Stop, just what are you thinking... No way I can feel pleasure from that place!
その辺にしておきなさい、私の機嫌を損ねたらどうなるか、知らないわけじゃないでしょう？=Just leave it at that, it's not like you don't know what'll happen if you actually offend me, no?
えぇ、いいわよ、好きなだけ悪戯しなさい、私はその倍、いえ、十倍貴方を苛めてあげるわ=Yes, no problem, be as naughty as you like, in turn, I'll tease you twice as much, no, ten times as much, later!
んぅ、余計な事はしなくていいのっ、こういう時まで、ほんと使えないわね=Nn--, No need to do unneccessary things--, even at times like this, you truly are useless.
どちらかが許さなければ、仕返しの連鎖は続くわよ？　私は許す気なんてないけど=If one of us doesn't forgive the other, this chain of constant paybacks will continue, you know? I have no intention of forgiving you though!
私が感じているように見える？　本当にそのまま続けていいのか、よーく考えなさい=Do I look like I'm enjoying this? Think very hard on whether it really is okay for you to keep that up.
はぁっ、とことん役立たずね。今すぐ捨てられたくなかったら、真面目にやりなさい=Haa-, you're thoroughly good-for-nothing. If you don't want me to dump you this very instant, get serious.
やる事がいちいち子供っぽいのよ、呆れて言葉も出ないわ=Every single thing you do is childish, I'm so fed up I have no words!
私を不快にしても、自分のためにならないわよ？　誰がさせてあげているのか、理解している？=You're not doing yourself any favours by making me uncomfortable, you know? Do you understand just who's letting you do this?
嫌なところは何度されても嫌よ、貴方に合わせて感じたりする気は一切ないわ、すぐにやめなさい=No matter how much you do it, things I don't like are still things I don't like, and when you add the fact that it's you who's doing them, there's no way in hell I could enjoy it, stop this instant.
あくっ、貴方ごときでも、そんな奥まで入ってくるのね、んぅ、誤算だわ……=Akuh--, Even the likes of you, will go that far in, huh, nnn, I miscalculated...
はぁっ、愛液が垂れてきたわ……喜びなさい、貴方のモノで感じてるのよ=Haa--, my love juices are dripping out... Be glad, I'm feeling pleasure from your thing!
いい腰つきよ、ゆっくりだけど力強くて……勝手に愛液が溢れてくれるわ=You've moving your hips pretty well, slow yet so powerful... My lovejuice is flowing out by itself!
いいわ、貴方がオスになるなら、私もメスになってあげる、もっと激しく、貪り合いましょうっ=So good, If you're going to be a pig, then I'll be a sow for you. Let's indulge in each other more fiercely--
あぁっ、貴方の形、わかるわっ……中で必死に、んぅっ、暴れてるっ……=Aaah--, I can feel the shape of your thing--... It's rioting around in me, Nnn--, so frantically--...
んぅっ、もう十分ほぐれたわ……後は一気に来なさい、貴方もそう長くもたないでしょう？=Nnn--, I think it's loosened up enough... Next, thrust it in, in one go. You can't hold on for that long either, can you?
んぁっ、チンポビクビク震えっぱなしじゃない、そろそろイキたい？　ダメよ、まだ許可しないわ=Nnah--, Your dick keeps twitching and quivering nonstop, gonna cum soon? You can't, I won't allow it just yet!
んっ、強いのいいじゃない……もっと大きくして、奥まで拡げてみなさいっ=Nn--, It's good when it's intense... Make it even bigger, spread it apart even more, all the way to the back!
チンポ、かなり熱くなってるわよ、もう射精したくてたまらないのでしょう？　ん？=Your dick's become rather hot, you know, the urge to cum, it's unbearable isn't it? Hmm?
この感じ、悪くないわねっ……貴方、そうやってずっと腰を振ってなさい、ゆっくり苛めてあげる=This feeling, not bad--... Keep moving your hips like that, I'll slowly tease you.
そう、これが貴方の本気ねっ……んぅっ、いいわ、全力で相手をしてあげる=I see, this is your true power, huh--... Nnn--, Alright then, I'll keep you company with all my power as well!
あぁっ、貴方もやればできるじゃない、そうよ、これこそセックスって感じじゃない=Aaah--, Even you can do it if you try, that's right, this is what sex is about!
さぁ、ここからよ、どれだけ私を満足させられるかっ、貴方の意地を見せてみなさいっ=Now then, this is the real deal, show me, just how much you can satisfy me, show me your willpower!
私のアクメ顔、見てみたいでしょ？　ならもっと必死になりなさい、私をイカせる事だけ考えるのっ=You wanna see my orgasmic expression, don't you? Then work even more frantically, think only about making me cum--
んぅ？　イキそうなのかしら？　貴方、凄い汗よ……息も荒くて……んぁぁっ……=Nn? Are you about to cum? You're sweating a lot... your breathing is rough too... Nnahh--...
フフッ、その調子よっ、なかなか男らしいセックスができるようになったじゃない=Fufu--, keep going like that--, looks like you've finally learned how to have sex like a man!
んぅっ、チンポいいところに当たってるっ、もっと激しく、削るくらいの勢いでぶち込みなさいっ=Nnn--, Your dick, it's hitting a good spot, be even fiercer, drive into it like you're shaving it down!
やっと気持ちよくなってきたわ……貴方、どこまで愚図なのっ？　フフッ=It's finally started feeling good... Just how much of a dullard are you?-- Fufu--
んっ、小さくイかせるだけじゃダメよ、もっと大きく、体が仰け反るような快感が欲しいのっ=Nnn--, You can't make me have just a small orgasm, I want one that's way bigger, one that feels so good that it makes me bend backwards--
はぁ、そうよ、そのまま最後まで、気を抜かずに頑張りなさいっ、最高に気持ちよく、射精させてあげるっ=Haa--, That's right, keep going like that, don't lose your focus and keep working hard, all the way to the end, I'll make you have the best orgasm of your life--
少し強過ぎよっ。腰もまともに触れないなんて、どこまで役立たずなの=A bit too intense--. Can't even caress my hips properly, just how useless are you?
うぁっ、これ、お尻拡がったの、ちゃんと戻るのかしら、少し心配になってきたわ=Uah--, this, my stretched out ass, will it go back to normal properly, I'm a bit worried now!
一生懸命にお尻突いて、そこで出しても何も生まれないのよ？　フフッ、滑稽ね=You're going so hard at my ass, you know that no matter how much you shoot in there, I'm not going to get pregnant, right? Fufu--, so laughable.
あぁ、もうアナルの方が感じるのではないかしら、ここまで開発したご褒美よ、好きなだけ楽しみなさい=Aaah--, I wonder if I feel more pleasure with Anal than I do normally now. Here's your reward for developing my ass so much, enjoy yourself as you like!
んぐっ、そうやってすぐ調子に乗る、お尻でさせてあげてるだけで、満足しなさいっ=nnguh--, there you go, getting carried away again. Be satisfied with just that I'm letting you do it in my ass!
貴方、どれだけお尻が好きなのよっ、ちょっと、興奮し過ぎよっ=Just how much do you love doing it in the ass--, you're getting a bit too excited--
いいわっ、もっと無様に喘いで、チンポ根元まで押し込みなさいっ=Great, pant even more pathetically, stuff your dick in all the way to the base--
お尻を強く攻めれば、私が弱々しくなると思った？　残念ね、そんなのはもうとっくに過ぎているの=Did you think that I'd fall apart like putty in front of you if you attacked my ass fiercely? Too bad for you, that time has already passed!
こらっ、少しは加減しなさいっ、あまり無茶すると、もうさせてあげないわよっ=Hey--, control yourself a bit--, if you keep being excessively rash like this, I won't let you do it again--
私のお尻は、貴方のオモチャじゃないのよ=My butt is not your plaything!
貴方が開発してるんじゃない、私のアナルを開発させてあげてるの、そこを間違えてはダメよ=You're not training my ass, I'm letting you train it, don't forget the difference!
あはっ、必死にケツマンコをほじる貴方、最高に愉快よ、もっと私に、情けない姿を見せなさいっ=Aha--, looking at you digging out my ass so frantically, it's really enjoyable, show me even more of your pathetic figure--
んぁっ、待ちなさいっ、ストップよ、んぅっ、私の言う事が聞こえないの？=nnah--, wait--, stop, Nnn--, Can you not hear me?
はぁっ、凄いわ、お尻が凄い事にっ……んぅっ、いいわよ、続けなさいっ=Haa--, Amazing, My butt feels amazing--... Nnn--, go ahead, keep going--
んぅっ、そんなにアナルでイキたいのね？　汚い穴に、汚い精子、ぶちこみたいのねっ=Nnu--, You really wanna cum from my ass that much? You wanna shoot your filthy sperm inside my filthy hole, huh--
ひぐっ、何？　貴方が必死過ぎるから、感じてあげてるのよっ、ほら、私にもっと下品な声を出させてみなさい=higuh--, What? You're being so frantic, so I'm going out of my way to feel pleasure from it--, Come on, Try making me let out even more vulgar noises!
貴方、やっぱりケモノよ、お尻でこんなに興奮するなんて、おかしいんじゃないのっ=You really are an animal, being so aroused from my butt, are you alright in the head--
んぁっ、下品な音、わざとさせてるわね？　まったく、どこまで変態なのっ=nnah--, you're making me make these vulgar noises on purpose, aren't you? Good grief, just how perverted are you--
そうよっ、もっとチンポ硬くしなさい、穴の中、ゴリゴリ擦れるように、もっと硬くしなさいっ=That's right--, make your dick be even harder, become even harder, so that it scrapes and chafes inside my hole--
フフッ、どれだけアナルを攻めても、私から余裕は奪えない、貴方のチンポはね、ずっと負け続けるのよ=Fufu--, no matter how much you assault my ass, you won't manage to make me lose my compusure. Your dick will keep losing to me forever!
んっぐぅっ、必死すぎよ、少しは落ち着きなさい=nnguh--, you're too desperate, calm down a bit!
あぁっ、いいじゃない、お尻でする背徳感、絶対癖になるわっ=Aaah--, so good, this feeling of corruption from anal sex, I'm definitely going to get addicted to this--
もうめちゃくちゃね、テクニックも何もないて、滑稽よ=What a mess, no technique, no nothing, so laughable.
あぁ、そこよ、負け犬チンポでも、いいところを突くじゃない、私のアナルを、もっと探ってみなさい=Aaah, that's the place, even with your loser pathetic dick, you're hitting a good spot, grope around in my ass even more, find more of them.
色々するのはいいけど、それで抜けたりしたら、一生笑ってやるわよ？=I don't mind you wanting to try various things, but if it falls out as a result, I'll laugh at you for the rest of your life, you know?
んっ、そこ気持ちいいわね……もっと積極的に、攻めてきなさい=Nnn--, It feels really good there... attack it even more proactively!
貴方、贅沢者ね、私の体をこんなに好きにできるなんて……普通、ありえないわよ=You're living the life, aren't you, being able to shower my body in this much love... Something like this would normally be impossible you know!
遠慮がなくなったのはいい事よ、貴方の全てを使って、私を感じさせてみせなさい=It's good that you've let go of all your restraint, use everything at your disposal and make me feel good!
どこもかしこもといやらしいわね、フフッ、褒めてるのよ？　だって、今はそういう時でしょ？=Every single part is obscene, isn't it, Fufu-, it's a compliment. Afterall, we're doing that sort of thing.
ほら、私の体、好きに弄らせてあげてるのよ、感謝の言葉はどうしたの？=Hey, I'm letting you touch my body as you like, where's your words of thanks?
そうよ、チンポが弱いなら、他の部分でも頑張りなさい、束になれば、少しはマシになるかもしれないわ=That's right, If your dick's weak, then focus on another part instead, taken all together, they might add up to something quite fierce!
あれもこれもと卑しいわね、何で感じているのか、わからなくなるでしょう=You're greedy for every single thing aren't you, how will I know which bit is making me feel good?
息が上がってるわよ？　欲張るからそうなるのよ……フフッ=Your breathing's getting pretty rough, you know? It's because you're being so greedy... Fufu--
好き勝手してくれるわね。いいわよ、貴方が何もできなくなるくらい、こっちも締め付けてあげるっ=You sure are doing as you please. No problem though, I'll clamp down around you so much that you won't be able to do anything--
んくっ、流石に頭が痺れそうねっ、ほら、ここまで私を追い詰めたのよ、あと一息、頑張ってみなさい=nnkuh--, my head really is going quite numb--, come on, you've managed to corner me this much, just one more push, try your best!
よくそこが感じるとわかったわね、いやらしい観察眼も、たまには役に立つじゃない=Looks like you've figured out that I feel really good there, even your keen eye for obscene things is rather useful at times.
力が入らなくなってきたわ……貴方が色々、弄り過ぎるからよっ=I can't even find the energy... It's because you've been fondling me everywhere so much--
そう、私が感じるところは全部把握済みってわけね、いい心掛けよ、存分に乱れさせてちょうだい=That's right, looks like you've figured out every single sensitive spot of mine, good job, mess me up as much as you like!
なんで余計な事ばかりするのっ、貴方はただ腰を振ってればいいのよ=Why are you only doing unneccessary things--, All you have to do is just move those hips of yours!
嫌がっている事を強引にするのは楽しいわよね……ただ貴方、相手を間違ってるわよ=It's fun, isn't it, to force the things other's don't like on them... It's just, you've made a critical mistake in who you picked for a partner!
んぅぅ、この、バカチンポっ……今すぐ抜きなさいっ、握り潰してあげる=Nnn, this, stupid dick--... take it out this instant--, I'll crush it in my hands for you!
つまらない事をしていないで、真面目にやりなさい。二度と相手してあげないわよ？=Stop doing disappointing things, and take this seriously. I will never do this again with you, you know that right?
何を考えているの？　相手の事を考えられないなら、ずっと一人でしてなさい=Just what are you thinking? If you can't think of your partner, then stay alone forever!
あぁもぅっ、余計な事ばかりしてっ……仲良くしてやらないぞっ=Aaah, jeez, only doing unneccessary things--... I won't go along with you anymore--
ねぇ、何してるの？　全然感じないのだけど？　ヘタクソ=Hey, what are you doing? It doesn't feel good at all you know? You suck!
貴方ね、恩を仇で返すつもり？　折角してあげたのに、最悪よ=Planning to bite the hand that feeds? I let you do this too, you're the worst.
何か勘違いしているようね、激しくすれば何でも許されるわけではないのよ=Looks like you're misunderstanding something, you won't be forgiven just because you're doing it fiercely enough, you know?
わかったわ。今まで以上に厳しくするから、覚悟しておきなさい=I got it. I'll be more even more severely strict with you than I've been so far, so prepare yourself.
余計な事しかできないのなら、今すぐ抜きなさい、チンポ握り潰してあげるわ=If you can't do anything besides unnecessary things, then take it out this instant, I'll crush your dick for you.
予想以上につまらない男だったわね……もういいから、腰だけ振ってなさい=You're a more disappointing man than I thought... it doesn’t matter anymore, just move your hips!
はぁ……セックス中に呆れられれるなんて相当よ？　男として恥ずかしくないの？=Haa... Do you think it's normal to make someone fed up in the middle of sex? Aren't you embarrassed as a man?
わかってないわね、嫌がりながらも感じさせるなんて幻想よ、貴方の技術じゃ到底無理=You don't understand, do you, it's delusional to think you could make someone feel pleasure from something they don't like, especially with skills like yours!
んっ、くちゅ、ヘタクソなキスね……んっ、ほら、歯が当たってる……=Nn--, *kiss*, What a shitty kiss... Nn--, look, your teeth are hitting...
貴方の口、臭いわね、私の唾液と混ざれば、少しはマシになるかしら=Your mouth really stinks, doesn't it, wonder if it'll become a bit better if my saliva mixes with it!
どう？　キスで頭が真っ白になっていくでしょう？　意識を手放して、私のお人形になりなさい=How is it? Your mind's going blank from the kiss, isn't it? Let go of your consciousness, become my doll!
んぷっ、ちゅっ、まさか、貴方とのキスでも、んちゅ、感じるなんてね……=nnpuh--, *kiss*, no way, to think I could feel good, *kiss*, from kissing you...
もっと口を開きなさい、舌の付け根まで、絡め合いましょう=Open your mouth more, let's entwine our tongues, all the way to the base!
もう、口の周りがベトベトよ、汚くて気持ち悪いから、貴方の舌で舐め取りなさい、丁寧にね=Jeez, the surface of my mouth is all sticky now, it's dirty and gross, lick it clean with your tongue, carefully!
はぁ、ちゅぷ、息苦しいけど、それがいいわね……もっと舌、絡めなさい=Haa, *kiss*, It's hard to breathe but, that's what's great... twist your tongue around more!
フフッ、蕩けた顔をしちゃって……噛み付いてやりたくなるわね=Fufu--, that's such a melty expression on your face... I feel like biting at it!
キスだけでイカせてあげるわ、メスイキを覚えて、もっと私を楽しませなさい=I'll make you cum just from kissing, remember this feeling of orgasming like a girl does, use it to make me enjoy kissing even more!
ぢゅ、くちゅ、ほら、んべっ、私の唾液を味わいなさい……ぢゅる=*kiss*, *suck*, Here, nnbeh--, savour some of my saliva... *churu*
女の子みたいに喘いで、貴方もキスで感じてるの？=You're gasping like a girl, do you feel the pleasure of kissing too?
私の唾液、もっと飲みなさい、貴方を気持ちよくしてくれる味よ、しっかり覚えるの=Drink some more of my saliva, it's the taste of me pleasuring you, remember it clearly.
激しくしながらだと、んぷっ、キスも少し難しいわねっ=When we're going at it so hard, nnpuh--, even kissing is a bit hard, isn't it--
キスで蕩けるのはいいけど、んちゅ、チンポは硬くしておきなさい=Melting down from kissing is all well and good but, *kiss*, make sure you keep your dick as hard as possible!
キスで貴方を、メスにしてあげる、ほら、もっと可愛く喘ぎなさい、下品なメスは嫌われるわよ=I'll turn you into a sow with my kisses, come on, breathe more cutely, vulgar sows are hated, you know.
キスしている時くらい落ち着きなさい、ムードがないわね=Be calm atleast when we're kissing, it's killing the mood!
口の中、全部舐め尽くしてあげる、私に支配されてく気分はどう？=I'll lick your mouth dry, how does it feel to be dominated by me?
キスのいやらしい音、頭に響いてるでしょ？　頭の中まで、私でいっぱいにしてあげるわ=Your head's ringing with the obscene sounds of us kissing, no? I'll fill your head up with nothing but me, all the way to its core!
上も下も繋がって、はぷっ、いいじゃない、気持ちいいわ=Connected both at the top and bottom, hapuh--, isn't it great, it feels really good!
もう、しっかり舌を絡めなさい、蕩けてるだけじゃ、私の相手は務まらないわよ=Come on, properly entwine your tongue around mine, you can't be my partner if you just keep melting from the pleasure!
チンポどんどん大きくなってるわよ？　キスで感じてるの？　調教は順調なようね=Your dick's becoming bigger and bigger, you know? Feeling good from kissing? Looks like the training's going well!
あぷっ、私の舌を噛んだら、んちゅぷ、許さないわよ=apuh--, I won't forgive you, *kiss*, if you bite my tongue!
私の事、大好きって顔ね……フフッ、いいわよ、もっと私に溺れなさい=That expression, it's full of love for me... Fufu--, Alright, go even crazier for me!
フフッ、貴方のだらしない顔、皆に見せてあげたいわね、蕩け切って、見れたものではないわよ=Fufu--, your loose face, I wanna show it to everyone, I don't think any of them have ever seen one this melty!
ほら、イキなさいっ、私を先にイカせようなんて、生意気よっ=Come on, cum--, trying to make me cum before you, how cheeky--
私がこれだけ感じてるのよ、貴方だってイキそうでしょ？　痩せ我慢はやめなさい=It feels so good for me, surely you too must be at your limit? Stop putting on that fake tough guy act!
ほら、もう少しよ、貴方のダメチンポでも、私をイカせられるかもっ、=Here it comes, just a bit more, looks like even your worthless dick may be able to make me cum--
んっ、まだよ、まだイクには足りないわ、もっと奥まで来なさいっ、私の子宮、押し込んでみなさい=Nn--, Not enough, it's still not enough for me to go over the egde, push even deeper, try stuffing it into my womb!
何で私だけこんなっ、貴方、もしかして経験豊富？=Why only me--, perhaps, are you well-experienced?
ふぅん、粗末なモノでも、ずっとしてれば気持ちよくなるものなのね=Hmmm, even a crude thing, if used for long enough, can make you feel good, huh?
ここまで私を感じさせられた、ご褒美をあげないといけないわね=You've made me feel so good, a reward is in order.
激しくすれば気持ちいいというものではないわ、感じ始めた時こそゆっくり……んっ、わかってるじゃない=It doesn't necessarily feel good just to go at it intensely, you gotta take it slowly at first... Nn--, looks like you get it.
はぁ、気持ちいいわ、貴方、私の性処理ペットになりなさい、可愛がってあげる=Haa, feels great, you should become my lust-management pet, I'll treat you well!
もう余計な事は考えなくていいわ、私をイカせる事だけ、考えなさい=No need to think about anything pointless, just think about making me feel good!
中っ、凄いわ、この感じ悪くない……このまま続けなさい、ペースは絶対落とさないことっ=Inside--, Amazing, this feeling isn't bad at all... Keep going like this, you musn't drop the pace at all--
ほら、ここからがスタート、今までのは長い前戯みたいなもの、チンポに気合を入れ直しなさい=Come on, this is where it starts for real, everything so far was just some extra long foreplay, push some fighting spirit down your dick again!
何よ、なかなかのもの、持ってるじゃない、勿体つけてたの？=What's this, you've got quite the thing there, were you just putting on airs before?
そう、先に余裕がなくなったのは私ってわけね、でも貴方だってすぐにそうなるわ=I see, the one who lost their calm first was me, huh, but you're going to follow me soon!
一緒にイキたいでしょ？　私だけイってもつまらないし、少しだけ待っていてあげるわ=Wanna cum together, no? It's boring for me to cum by myself, so I'll wait just a bit for you.
ようやく感じてきたわ、んぅっ、ほんと、いつまでたっても、愚図チンポね=It finally feels good, Nnn--, Truly, no matter how much time passes, this dick will still be a slowpoke!
んっ、先が膨らんできたわよ？　まさか、射精する気？=Nn--, your tip's swelled up, you know? perhaps, feel like cumming?
もうイキたい？　ねぇ、イキたいんでしょ？　ダメよ、まだイッちゃだめ=Wanna cum already? Hey, you wanna cum, don't you? You can't, not yet!
貴方、いつまでたっても童貞みたいね、すぐイキたがるのがその証拠よ……フフフッ=No matter how much time passes, you'll still be like a virgin, the fact that you're already at your limit is the proof... Fufufu--
あら、だらしなく腰を震わせて、まさかもうイキそうなの？　そんな事、あるわけないわよねぇ=Oh my, you're moving your hips so loosely, already at your limit? No way, right?
貴方、もう腰がガクガクじゃない、みっともない=Your hips are already all trembling, so shameful!
中で震えてるのわかるわよ、粗末なモノでも、射精はできるのかしら？=I can feel you quivering inside me, can you really cum, with how shabby your cock is?
何故チンポを震わせてるの？　射精の許可なんてしてないわよ？　私に逆らうつもり？=Why are you making your dick quiver so much? I haven't given you my permission to cum, you know? Trying to disobey me?
知ってる？　射精したい時の貴方の声、これ以上ないくらい惨めなのよ？　フフッ=Do you know? When you're at your limit, your voice is the most miserable it ever gets. Fufu--
ちょっと、勝手にイこうとしないで、まだダメよ、許さないわ=Stop, don't cum by yourself, you can't yet, I won't allow you to!
こら、すぐそうやってイこうとする、一人よがりなら、オナニーでもしてなさい=Hey, if you're going to be so self-serving and cumming by yourself that fast, then go masturbate or something!
さぁ、イキたい時は何て言うのかしら？　上手におねだりできたら、考えてあげてもいいわよ=Now then, what are you supposed to say when you want to cum? If you plead to me sincerely enough, I might actually consider it...
いますぐ精液、ビューって吐き出したい？　フフッ、ダーメっ。チンポ壊れるまで、我慢しなさい=You want to shoot out your semen, pew-pew, right this very moment? Fufu--, no can do. Endure it, till your dick breaks!
声がどんどん情けなくなってるわよ、気持ち悪いから、口閉じてなさい=Your voice is becoming more pathetic by the second, you know, it's pretty gross so shut your mouth!
これはね、私が気持ちよくなるためにやってる事なの、勝手にイったら、怒るわよ？=You know, I'm doing this all so I can feel good, if you cum by yourself, I'll get angry, alright?
精液あがってきてるのね、フフッ、お尻に力を入れて、射精我慢しなさい、勝手にイってはダメよ=Your semen's slowly rising up, Fufu--, put some strength in your ass, and endure the urge, you can't cum by yourself!
私のマンコ、そんなに気持ちいい？　フッ、当然よね、貴方を苛め抜くために、色々してきたもの=Does my pussy feel that good? Hah, of course it does, in order to tease and torment you to death, I've done so many things!
ふぅん、お尻も悪くないじゃない、もう少し、強くしてもいいわよっ=Hmmm, Anal doesn't feel too bad either, you can put a bit more force behind it!
んぅっ、お尻いいわ、もっと気持ちよくしなさいっ、命令よっ=Nnnn--, Anal feels nice, make it feel even better, that's an order--
お尻でイクのって、マンコとはまた違うのよ、貴方にも教えてあげたいわね=Cumming from my ass feels different from my pussy, I want to make you feel it too one day!
はぁ、ケツアクメ来そうよっ、もっと奥までっ、グリグリほじりなさいっ、んぅっ、そう、その感じよっ=Haa, looks like I'm going to have an anal orgasm--, deeper--, grind and dig even deeper--, Nnn--, Yes, Like that--
んあぁっ、お尻熱いわっ、これなら、お尻でイケるかもっ=NnnAhh--, My ass is so hot--, If this keeps up, I'll cum from my ass--
はぁっ、凄い、これがお尻で感じるって事なのね、最高じゃない=Haa--, Amazing, this is what they mean by anal pleasure, huh, it's the best!
いいわ、来てる、お尻の奥がムズムズする……もう少し、激しくしてみなさい=Good, It's almost here, the depths of my ass feel so itchy and impatient... Try being just a bit more intense!
ゆっくり掘られるのも、んぅっ、いいわね、貴方、なかなかわかってきたじゃない、褒めてあげるわ=Slow paced anal is, Nnnn, good too, looks like you've got it, good job!
はぁっ、お尻の穴が、んくっ、凄い事にっ、いいわよ、このまま続けてみなさい=Haa--, my asshole, nkuh--, amazingly--, so good, keep going like this!
ほら、私から余裕を奪える数少ないチャンスよ、ものにできるかしら？=Come on, this is a rare chance for you to make me lose my composure, can you do it?
そうよ、その調子、もっと激しく、私のアナルを犯しなさい、そうすれば、もうっ、あぁっ=That's right, just like that, be fiercer, violate my ass, If you do that, I'll--, Aaah--
フフッ、ここまで感じさせたご褒美に、私のケツアクメ顔を見せてあげる、嬉しいでしょ？=Fufu--, this is your reward, for making me feel this good, I'll let you see my anal orgasm expression, aren't you happy?
んぁっ、お尻めくれてっ……んぅ、こんなになるなんて、予想外ね=nnah--, my ass's being turned insite out--... Nnn, I didn't think it'd end up like this...
んっ、お尻好きよ、貴方もたまには、いいものを教えてくれるじゃない=Nn--, I love anal, even you show me some good things every now and then!
んぅ、お尻拡げられるの、いいわね、貴方のチンポも、たまには役に立つじゃない=Nn--, my ass's being stretched out, great, even your dick is useful at times, looks like!
あぁ、ほんと、アナルセックスって下品よね、ケツ穴から酷い音がしてるわ、でも、それがいいの=Aaah, truly, Anal sex really is indecent, isn't it, there are some really awful sounds coming from my ass, but, that's what's good about it!
あら、本当にお尻でイキそうになってるの？　どうしようもない変態ね=Oh my, Are you really going to cum from my ass? What an incorrigible pervert.
どこに出してもいいけど、後で貴方が綺麗にするのよ？　精液舐め取ってね=I'm fine with however you wanna do it, shoot it wherever you like, but I'll make you clean it up later, okay? Make sure to lick it all off!
なに、甘えた声なんて出して、気持ち悪いだけだから、やめなさい=What's with that sickly sweet voice, it's just gross, so stop!
ほら、気持ちよくなれればどこだっていいんでしょ？　無節操チンポ、ケツ穴で射精しちゃいなさい=Isn't either way fine as long as it feels good? With your unprincipled dick, cum from my ass!
お尻の中で大きくなってるわよ、もう射精しそうなの？=It's becoming even bigger in my butt, wanna cum already?
ほら、変態はお尻でイクのがお似合いよ、どうせ我慢なんてできないんでしょ=Come on, cumming from my ass fits a pervert like you to a T, not like you can endure the urge anyway!
アナルで苛められてイキそうになってるなんて……フフッ、恥ずかしいチンポ=Hitting its limits from being tormented by someone's ass... Fufu--, what a shameful dick!
さえないチンポでも、こういう時だけは元気ね、ほら、アナルでイって、私に醜態を晒しなさい=Even your dull dick becomes lively at times like this, come on, cum from my ass, show me your shameful sight, make a fool of yourself in front of me!
んぐっ、中でビクビクさせるのやめなさい、気持ち悪いわ=nnguh--, stop making it twitch inside me, it's disgusting!
私は貴方の便器じゃないわよ？　貴方が私の便器なの、わかってる？=I'm not your urinal, you know? Rather, you're my urinal, you get that, right?
ハァハァ気持ち悪いのよ、口を閉じるか、さっさとイクか、どっちかにしなさい=Your pants are really gross, either close your mouth or cum already!
あぁ、匂ってきたわ、くっさいオスの匂い……これは、アナルで感じる、最低チンポの匂いねっ=Aaah, it's wafting out, the smell of a stinky pig... This is the smell of an awful dick that feels pleasure from someone's asshole, isn't it--
まさか、お尻で射精する気？　フッ、本当に変態ね=For real, you wanna cum from my ass? Hah, truly a pervert!
無様にイクとこ、見ててあげるわ、ほら、イクのよ、貴方はお尻でイクの=I'll watch your unsightly orgasm, come on, cum, cum from my ass!
あはっ、バカみたいに喘いで、ホント見苦しいわね、このアナル好きの変態チンポは=Aha--, yes, pant like an idiot, what an awful sight it is, this perverted anal-loving dick!
どこに出しても、結局無駄打ちよ、貴方の子種って、何のためにあるのかしら=No matter where you shoot it, in the end, it'll all be a waste, I wonder just why your seed even exists?
うそっ、まさかっ、ダメよっ、私だけなんて……あぁっ、だめっ=No way--, You're kidding--, You can't--, Why only me... Aaah--, Don't--
はぁぁ、イってあげるわ、たまには貴方にも華を持たせてあげないとねっ=Haa, I'll cum for you, gotta let you have a win or two from time to time, after all--
んぐっ、いいっ、マンコいいっ、生意気チンポに、あぁっ、イカされるっ=nnguh--, Good--, My pussy feels good--, I'm being made to cum--, Aah--, by such a cheeky dick--
はぁぅっ、射精を許可するわ、貴方もイキなさい。私だけイカせるなんて、そんなの許さないわよ=Hauu--, I authorize you to ejaculate, cum with me, making me climax by myself, I definitely won't allow that!
んくっ、目を閉じてなさいっ、私がイクところ、見たら許さないわよっ=nnkuh--, close your eyes--, I won't forgive you, if you watch me climaxing--
んぅぅっ、やるじゃない、気に入らないけど、もうイキそうよっ=nnuu--, you're pretty good, though I don't like it, I'm already about to cum--
あぁっ、貴方もイキなさいっ、もうイっていいわっ、早くイキなさいっ、んぅぅっ=Aaah--, you cum too--, you can cum--, quickly cum--, Nnnn--
こらっ、ダメよ、私だけイカせようなんて、調子に乗り過ぎっ、んあっ、貴方だって、もう限界でしょ=Hey--, Don't, having only me go off the edge, you're getting too cocky--, Nnah--, you should be at your limit too, no?
よし、イクわよ、私に合わせなさい、一緒にイってあげる=Alright, I'mma cum, match my rhythm, I'll let you cum with me!
いいわ、貴方も射精しなさい、一緒にイッてあげるから、感謝しなさいっ=Alright, you should ejaculate too, I'll let you cum alongside me, so be grateful--
やればできるじゃない、少しだけ見直したわ、んんっ、イクわよっ、合わせなさいっ=Looks like you can do it if you try, I've changed my opinion of you a bit, Nnn--, I'mma cum--, Match me--
最後の仕上げよ、ここでミスしたら、本当にチンポ潰すからね……さぁ、一緒に、イってっ=It's the final spurt, if you fuck it up here, I really will crush your dick... Now, let's cum, together--
ほら、一番大事なところよ、一緒にイケたら、褒めてあげるわっ=Come on, this is the most important part, if you cum together with me, I'll praise you--
来てるわ、あぁっ、来てる、よくやったわね、ご褒美よ、一緒にイってあげるっ=It's coming, Aaah--, coming, you did well, here's your reward, I'll let you cum with me--
わかるでしょ、マンコもチンポも震えて、いいわね、このまま一緒にイクのよっ=You can tell, right, both my pussy and your cock are quivering, good, let's cum together like this--
フフッ、合格よ、ダメチンポの割に頑張ったじゃない、最後は一緒に、んうぅっ、イってあげるわっ=Fufu--, you pass, for someone with such a shitty cock, you sure worked hard, for the ending, Nnn---, I'll let you cum with me--
はぁ、無様ね、カッコ悪いわね、いいわよ、一人で惨めに、射精しなさい=Haa, what a disgrace. How uncool, alright, go ahead, miserably cum by yourself!
いいわよ、出しなさい、女々しい精液、中で受け止めてあげるわ=Sure, shoot it out, your unmanly semen, I'll accept it all inside me!
あら、誰が出していいと言ったのかしら？　んぅ？　これは後でお仕置き、決定ね=Oh my, who told you that it was okay to cum? Hmm? Looks like you'll need to be punished later!
はい、敗北宣言ね、そうよ、貴方はそうやって、私のマンコに、ずっと負け続ければいいのっ=A declaration of defeat huh, indeed, just like that, all you have to do is always keep losing to my pussy like that--
フフッ、そう、どうせこうなると思っていたわ、ほら、私の中で、惨めにイキなさい=Fufu--, I see, I thought it would be like this anyway, come on, cum inside me, miserably!
ほら、やっぱり貴方の負け。可哀相だから、負け犬射精、中出しさせてあげる=Look, as I expected, you lose. I feel bad for you, so I'll let you cum inside me like the loser you are.
仕方ないわね、これ以上我慢させたら本当に壊れちゃいそうだし、特別にいいわよ=Can't be helped, your dick really might break if you endure any longer, so I'll make an exception, go ahead.
どうぞ、キャンキャン泣きながら、負け犬精子、ドバドバ出しなさい、ンッフフフッ=Go ahead, gush out your loser sperm while wailing and crying, Nnfufufu--
当然ね、貴方の小汚い精子なんか、中に出されたら困るもの=Of course, I'll be troubled if you shot out your filthy sperm inside me!
えぇ、虚空へ向かって情けなく出しなさい=Yes, shoot it all out pathetically while facing the empty sky!
抜くタイミングを間違えないでっ、もし中に出したら、タダじゃ済まないわよ=Don't fuck up the timing for pulling it out, if you do it inside, you won't get away scot-free!
外ならいいでしょう、射精を許可してあげる、汚したところは自分で綺麗にするのよ=If you're gonna do it outside, then fine, I authorize you to ejaculate, of course, you'll have to clean it up later!
身の程を弁えてるじゃない、そうよ、それでいいのっ、外に出しなさい=Looks like you know your place, that's right, go ahead--, shoot it out outside!
いいわよ、外なら、好きなだけ出しなさい、無駄打ちは得意でしょ=Sure, if you'll do it outside, then shoot out as much as you like, being wasteful is your speciality, isn't it?
そう、貴方は負けたの、外に出すのがお似合いよ、無様に射精しなさい=That's right, you've lost, so shooting it outside suits you, ejaculate pathetically!
フフッ、負けを認めて外に出すのね？　潔いじゃない、そういうところは嫌いじゃないわ=Fufu--, Gonna admit your defeat and do it outside, huh? How manly, I don't hate that part of you, you know.
待って、貴方そろそろイキそうでしょ？　勝手な事をしたら、許さないわよ？=Wait, You're about to cum, no? If you do whatever you please, I won't forgive you, you know?
何を企んでいるか知らないけど、やめておきなさい、ろくな結果にならないわよ=I don't know what you're trying here, but just stop it, it won't end well!
落ち込む事はないわ、貴方のチンポ、割と良かったわよ、ほら、イクなら正直に言いなさい=No need to feel down, your dick felt rather good actually, come on, if you're going to cum, then say it to me clearly!
ちょっと、貴方射精する気ね？　私は許可してないわよっ、勝手な事をしないで=Wait, you feel like cumming, don't you? I haven't given you my permission yet--, don't do whatever you like!
いきなり静かになったわね……まさかイキそうなの？　ちょっと、答えなさい=You've gone quiet all of a sudden... No way, Are you about to cum? Hey, Answer me!
私は勝手にするけど、貴方は勝手にしてはダメよ、わかってるの？=I do whatever I like, but you can't do the same, you know that, right?
まさかとは思うけど、勝手にイったりしないわよね？　それは一番罪が重いわよ=I'm sure this is my misunderstanding, but, you're not planning on cumming by yourself, as you like, are you? Because that's carries the biggest penalty!
隠し事ができると思ってるの？　貴方のチンポは私の中に入っているのよ？　さぁ、正直になりなさい=You think you can hide something from me? Your dick's inside me, you know? Now, be honest to me!
フフッ、まぁゴムがあるし、中に出すもの許してあげるわ=Fufu--, well, you're wearing a condom anyway, I'll let you cum inside.
貴方の量じゃ、ゴムが破けるなんて事もないでしょう、好きなだけ出しなさい=You can't shoot out enough to break the condom anyway, so whatever, shoot out as much as you like!
はぁ、ゴムがあって良かったわ、貴方の精子が身体に入るなんて、おぞまし過ぎるもの=Haa, thank god we're using a condom, the idea of having your sperm floating around in my body is just way too repulsive!
いいわよ、貴方のくっさい精液、ゴムを孕ませる勢いで、中にぶちまけなさい=Sure, shoot out all of your stinky semen inside me, with enough vigour as if you're trying to make the condom pregnant!
折角付けたゴムだからね、ちゃんと使ってあげなさい=You went through the effort to put on a condom, so make sure to use it well!
フフフッ、ゴムだって貴方に出されるのは嫌かもね=Fufufu--, even the condom might not want to be filled up with your seed!
貴方、もうゴムと結婚したら？　中出しし放題よ？　嬉しいでしょ？=Why don't you marry the condom? You'll be able to cum inside it as much as you want, you know? Doesn't that make you happy?
よかったわねゴムにでも出せて、一応中出しよ？　この私に中出しできるのだから、もっと喜びなさい=Even if you're using a rubber, it still technically counts as doing it inside, isn't it great? You get to cum inside me, so be more happier!
貴方にイカされるというのは癪だけど、お尻でイクのを覚えるには丁度いいわっ、んぅぅっ=While it does tick me off, to be made to cum by you, it's perfect for remembering this anal-orgasm's sensation--, Nnnn--
ちょっとよ、ほんのちょっとだけ、私が先にイクだけっ、貴方だってすぐにっ、んぁぁっ=Just a bit, I'm only cumming ahead of you by just a bit--, You'll soon follow anywa--, Nnaah--
んぅくっ、誇りなさい、貴方のチンポで、イってあげるっ、アナルでイってあげるわっ=Nnnkuh--, Be proud, I'll cum from your dick--, I'll cum from your dick in my ass--
あぁっ、ケツアクメ来るっ、よくやったわ、貴方、私のチンポ奴隷として、合格よっ=Aaah--, an anal-orgasm's coming--, good work, as my sextoy slave, you pass--
あぁっ、もうイクわっ、お尻でイクっ、イってあげるわっ=Aaah--, I'm going to cum--, cum from my ass--, I'll cum--
んくぅっ、やるわね、お尻好きの変態に、今回は勝ちを譲ってあげるわっ=nnkuh--, good going, I'll concede this victory to you--, you anal loving pervert--
能ある豚はチンポを隠すのかしら、んぅっ、くだらない事を言ったわね、忘れなさいっ=I wonder if this talented pig was hiding his cock this whole time, Nnn--, I said something stupid, ignore it--
んぅぅっ、よく見ておきなさいっ、私がアナルで先にイってあげるなんて、そうそうないわよっ=Nnnnn--, Take a good look--, Me cumming from anal sex before you is not something you'll get to see often--
いいわ、来なさい、一緒というのは気持ち悪いけど、私もお尻、限界よっ=Great, Come, It's kinda gross to do it together with you but, I'm also, at my limit--
さぁイクわよっ、私がお尻を締めたらイキなさい、それが合図よっ=Here we go, cum as soon as I tighten around you, that'll be the signal!
私だけイカせられると思った？　残念、貴方も限界でしょ？　ほら、一緒にイクわよっ=Thought you could have only me climax? Too bad, you're at your limit too, aren't you? Come on, we'll do it together--
頃合いね、チンポもアナルも、いい感じ、さぁ後はイクだけっ、最後まで、付き合ってもらうわよっ=Good timing, both my ass and your dick, feels good, now all that's left is to cum--, I'll have you follow me, till the end--
光栄に思いなさい、お尻で一緒にイッてあげる、きちんと合わせるのよ=Be honoured, I'll cum together with you, so go along with the rhythm!
んぅ、そろそろね、イク時はきちんと言いなさい、合わせてあげるわっ=Nnn--, almost there, tell me properly when you're about to do it, I'll match you--
んぅ、もういいわよ、射精してよしっ、アナル締め付けてあげるから、一緒にイキなさいっ=Nnn, It's time, you're good to shoot--, I'll tighten my ass around you, so cum with me--
フフッ、私は優しいから、ダメチンポと一緒にイってあげるわ、ほら、最後に思い切り、突きなさいっ=Fufu--, I'm nice and kind, so I'll cum alongside your shitty dick, Come on, for the final spurt, thrust like your life depends on it--
お尻の中で一人でもだえて、一人でイクのね、貴方、本当に滑稽よ=Writing around in my ass by yourself, gonna cum by yourself too, huh, you truly are laughable!
フフッ、仕方ないわね、お尻で一回出しなさい、すぐ次が待ってるわよ=Fufu-- can't be helped, cum from my ass once, the second round will be right after!
いいわよ、気持ち悪い鳴き声もうっとおしくなってきたし、一度イってしまいなさい=Sure, your gross moans have become even stranger too, so you might as well cum once!
んっ、いくわよ、アナルに中出しカウントダウン……３、２……そら、イキなさいっ=Nn--, It's coming, here's a countdown for you to match with... 3, 2... there, cum--
そうね、お尻なら、中出しも安心かしら。ほら、幸せを噛み締めて、射精しなさいっ=Indeed, I suppose with buttsex, even a creampie is fine. Come on, be happy and ejaculate--
必死に腰を振っちゃって、引くわねぇ、お尻に出せるの、そんなに嬉しい？=You're moving your hips so frantically, it's making me wanna pull back, are you so happy that you get to cum in my ass?
あぁ、いいわ、汚い穴に、汚い精液、たっぷり注ぎ込みなさいっ=Aaah, Good, your filthy sperm, in my filthy hole, pour lots of it in--
そんなにケツ穴に出したいの？　フフッ、仕方ないわね、可哀相な変態ザーメン、全部吐き出しなさい=You wanna cum in my ass that much? Fufu--, Can't be helped, your pitiful perverted semen, pour all of it in!
あぁっ、出てるっ、ほんとに、私の中……出されてるっ=Aaah--, it's coming, my insides... are really being filled up--
あぁっ、奥っ、注がれてる、んぅっ、精液、熱いわ……=Aaah--, It's going--, all the way to the back, Nnnn--, Your semen, it's so hot...
あぁっ、遠慮がないわねっ、中出し嬉しいのはわかるけど、どれだけ出すつもりっ=Aaah--, you have no hesitation, do you--, I know it feels good to cum inside but, just how much do you plan to pour in there--
あぁっ、いいっ、中出しアクメ来るっ、ぷりぷり精液で、子宮満たされるっ、あはぁぁっ=Aaah--, So good--, A creampie orgasm's coming--, my womb's filling up--, with your tender semen--, Ahaaaa---
バカみたいな勢いで出し過ぎよ、どれだけ溜め込んでいたのっ=You've let out an idiotic amount, just how bottled up were you--
はぁ、そうね、私に出せるのだから、これくらいの量は出るわよね……んぅぅっ=Haa, of course, you're letting it out inside me, so this amount is par for the course... Nnn---
はぁっ、貴方ごときが私に中出しできるのよっ、もっと奥で、どくどく注いでおきなさいっ=Haaa--, the likes of you is doing it inside someone such as me--, pour it in even deeper--
ほらほら、その程度？　もっと出せるでしょう、金タマの中、子宮に全部注ぎ込みなさいっ=Come on, only that much? you should be able to shoot out more, pour everything inside your balls, into my womb!
あぁ、ゴム膨らんでるっ、貴方のくっさい精液、ゴムに出てるのねっ=Aaah, the condom's swelling up--, you're shooting your stinky semen in the condom, aren't you--
んぁっ、ゴム越しでも射精の勢いわかるわ、どれだけ興奮してるのよっ=Nnahh--, I can feel the vigourous ejaculation even through the condom, just how horny are you--
あはっ、だらしなく射精して、精液と一緒にプライドも吐き捨てるつもり？=Aha--, ejaculating so sloppily, planning to dump out your pride alongside your semen too?
あぁっ、ゴム越しでも生温かいのが伝わってくるわ、フフッ、無駄打ちご苦労様=Aaah--, I can feel the heat even through the condom, Fufu--, Good job on wasting your seed!
はぁぁ、中で射精してるっ……どうなの？　ゴムに出しても、気持ちいいの？=Haa, you're shooting it inside me... How is it? Does it feel good, even through the condom?
そうよ、精一杯出しなさい、ゴム付きとはいえ、私の中で出せるのだからねっ=That's right, shoot out as much as you can, although we're using a condom, you're still doing it inside me--
きちんと溜めていたみたいね、それをゴムに全部無駄打ち、フフッ、最高に気持ちいいでしょう？=Looks like you had quite a lot bottled up, and all of that, wasted into a condom, Fufu--, It feels the best, doesn't it?
すっごい量ね、記念にゴムを持ち帰ったら？　私の残り香を嗅いで、オナニーでもしなさい=What an amazing amount, why not keep the condom as a keepsake? Use my lingering scent on it as masturbation material or something!
んぁっ、ねばねばしたのが、んぅっ、お尻の中にっ、くぅっ……=Nnahh--, the sticky stuff is, Nnn--, in my ass--, Kuh--...
あぁっ、来てるわ、お尻の奥に、精液出てるっ、んぁっ、これ、凄いわねっ=Aaah--, it's coming, the semen's going to my depths--, Nnahh--, This, It's amazing--
あはっ、イってるチンポ締め付けるの最高だわっ、ほらっ、もっと無様によがりなさいっ=Aha--, clamping down on your ejaculating dick is the best--, come on, be even more unsightly from the pleasure--
ほらっ、負け犬チンポ、わんわんって鳴きながら、射精しなさいっ、フッフフフ=Come on--, your losing dog of a dick, ejaculate while whining and barking--, Fuffufu!
そんなに出るものなの？　お尻だからって、限度があるわよっ=Is it something to let out that much over? Even if it's my butt, there's still a limit, you know--
んぷっ、ちょと奥まで入れ過ぎよっ、息苦しいじゃないのっ=nnpuh--, It's a bit too far in--, isn't it suffocating--?
はぁっ、最高ね、最高に情けないわっ、アナルで先にイクなんて、男として、貴方終わってるわ=Haa--, It's the best, the most pathetic thing I've ever seen--, cumming before your partner during anal sex, as a man, you're done for.
私に感謝しながらイキなさいっ、出し終わったらお礼を言うのよ？　アナル気持ちよかったですって=Cum while being grateful--, you're supposed to express your thanks once you're done cumming, you know? "Your ass felt very good", and all
んはぁぁぁうっ！=nnhaaaauu--!
っく、んうぅうぅんっ！=kkuh--, nnuuuunnnn--!
んっ、あっ、はひゅっ！=nn--, aah--, hahyuu--!
んっくぅぅんっ！=nnkuuunn--!
はあぁっ、くぅっ！=haaaa--, kuuh--!
ふっぐぅぅっ！=fuguuhh--!
んううぅぅっ、ふぁあぁぁっ！=nnnnnnnn--, fuaaaaaa--!
んぃっ、んあぁぁあんっ！=nnnii-- nnnaaaaaannn--!
ふぁぁぁっ！=fuaaaaa--!
あぁっ、はあぁぁあんっ！=aaaa--, haaaaaann--!
ひゃぐっ、んぐうぅぅんっ！=hyaguh--, nnguuuunn--!
はぁぁぁ、いいわぁぁっ！=haaaaa, so goooooood--!
んっ、ぅぅ……ゴムに全部、出したのよね？=Nnn--, Uuu... You shot out all that you had into the condom, didn't you?
ゴム膨らんで、中でたぷたぷしてるわ……凄い……=The condom's all swollen up and flabby inside me... Amazing...
ゴムがあって良かったでしょ？　おかげで私に中出しできたんだから=Good thing there was a condom, no? Thanks to it, you were able to cum inside me.
ゴムをしてても一緒にイケたでしょ。フフッ、私が合わせてあげたのよ、感謝する事ね=See, we came together even though there was a condom. Fufu--, I went out of my way to match your rhythm, you should be thankful!
ぁぁ、ゴムをしていて正解ね、まさかあんなに出るなんて……=Aaah, it really was the right choice, to have you put on a condom, to think you'd let out this much...
出し過ぎよ……いくらゴムがあるからって、節操が無いわね=You shot out too much... Just because we're using a condom... You truly have no principles, do you?
お疲れ様。さ、終わったのなら早くゴムを取り替えなさい、次が待ってるわよ=Good work. Now then, if you're done, quickly swap out the condom for a new one, we're going again!
ゴムに出した精液、勿体ないから自分で飲めば？　フフッ、資源は大切にしないとね=The semen you shot out into the condom, it feels like a waste to throw it away, so why don't you drink it? Fufu--, We gotta make sure to not waste any and all resources, after all!
んぅ、黙ってないで、何か言ったら？　この私が、中出しさせてあげたのよ？=Nn, Don't just be all quiet, say something. I let you cum inside me, you know?
ふぅ、貴方にしては上出来よ、ちょっと出し過ぎだけどね=Fuu, it's a good showing, for someone like you, although you let out a bit too much.
これで当分、オナニーは禁止ね。中出しさせてあげたのよ？　それくらいの代償は必要だわ=With this, masturbation for you is banned, for atleast a while. I let you cum inside me and everything, atleast that much consideration is a given, no?
んぅ、いいわね、この余韻好きよ……射精したばかりの敏感チンポ、苛めたくなるわね=Nnn, pretty good, I love this lingering feeling... Your post-orgasm sensitive dick, I feel like teasing it...
うぅ、許可したとはいえ、やはり貴方の精液を出されるのには抵抗があるわね……=Uuu, although I did give you my permission, it really does feel a tad bit repulsive, to have your semen inside me...
いつまでビクビクさせているの？　もう終わりよ、未練がましいのはやめなさい=How long are you going to keep twitching for? It's already over, stop being so irresolute.
私と一緒にイケたのよ？　もっと喜びなさい……フフッ、もうそんな元気はないかしら？=You came together with me, you know? Be happier... Fufu--, Are you that drained?
まぁ、終わってみれば、なかなか悪くなかったわ。貴方のチンポ、まだ捨てるには惜しいわね=Well, now that it's over, I'll say, it wasn't bad. Your dick's still just a bit too valuable to dispose of.
貴方、覚悟はできてるわね？　私のパートナーになるのは、色々と大変よ？=You've resolved yourself, right? It's quite a pain to be my partner in many ways, you know?
さて、これで私が自分の女になったなんて思わない事ね、立場は変わらないわよ=Now then, don't think I've become your women with this, alright? Our positions still have not changed.
貴方の遺伝子は明らかに劣性だから、子供は私似ね。フフッ、二人で苛めるのも、楽しそうじゃない=Your genes are obviously recessive, so the child will definitely take after me. Fufu--, the two of us tormenting you together, seems pretty fun, no?
ふぅ、大出世ね貴方。最初は家畜だったのに、今じゃ私のパートナーになろうとしているのだから=Fuu, you've jumped quite ahead in life, haven't you. Even though you started off as mere livestock, now you're close to being my partner!
また盛大に出してくれたわね、先行きは大いに不安だけど、まぁいいでしょう=You've shot out such an excessive amount again, I'm a bit worried about the future but, well it's fine I suppose...
はぁ、子供って苦手なのよね……我儘で勝手で、フフッ、貴方みたいね=Haa, Kids are hard to deal with, aren't they... All bratty and selfish, Fufu--, Just like you...
期待はしていないけど、それなりに頑張ってもらうわよ？　私達のために、馬車馬のように働きなさい=I have no hopes but, I expect you to work hard, alright? For our sake, work like you're a workhorse.
飼い犬に噛まれるとこんな気分なのかしら……子供まで産まされるのだから、尚悪いわね=I wonder if this is what it feels like to be bitten by your own pet dog... It's probably even worse since you're making me have your children too.
へぇ、まさか貴方にイカされるなんてね……どうしたの？　もっと喜んでもいいのよ？=Heh, to think I could be made to cum by you... What's the problem? You can stand to be happier, you know?
男らしいところ、見せてもらったわ、少しだけ評価を改めてあげる=I got to see your manly side, I'll reform my evaluation of you, just a little bit...
少しは自信が付いた？　フフッ、調教というのはね、飴と鞭を上手く使い分けるのよ=Got a bit of self-confidence now? Fufu--, Training an animal is all about properly using both the carrot and the stick, you know?
あら、イカされてしまったわね。ご褒美に優しくして欲しい？　貴方は、苛められる方が好きよね？=Oh my, you made me climax, huh. Want me to be gentle to you as a reward? You prefer being teased and tormented, don't you?
なに？　泣いて悔しがると思った？　そんな見苦しい事をするのは、貴方だけよ=What? Thought I'd be all bitter and crying and stuff? You're the only one who does such unsightly things!
ちょっと喜び過ぎよ、普通に考えたら女が不利なの。貴方は負け癖が付き過ぎね=You're being too happy, if you think about it, women are naturally handicapped at this stuff. You're just too much of a loser, with such a long losing streak!
私をイカせたからって、調子に乗らない事。何が起ころうが、私が上には変わりないわ=Don't get carried away just because you made me cum. No matter what happens, the fact that I am above you won't change!
ふぅん、少しは成長しているみたいね。それが普通なのよ、悔しかったら、もっと上手くなりなさい=Hmmm, Looks like you've matured a bit. That's normal, and if you're frustrated, then become even better!
んっ、お尻で一緒にイクなんて……私まで変態みたいじゃない=Nn--, To think we came together from my ass... Even I'm turning into a pervert!
んっ、開発は順調ね、貴方には、まだまだ協力してもらうわ=Nn--, Looks like the development of my analpussy is going well, I'll have you help me with it to the end!
アナル用チンポとしては合格ね。これならもっと使ってあげてもいいわ=As an anal-use tool, your dick passes the bar. I don't mind letting you use it more often.
アナルでイクのも、普通になってしまったわね。次はやっぱり、貴方の開発に取り掛かるべきね=It's become normal now for me to cum from my ass. Next, we should do the same on your own asshole for sure.
お尻でするの、なかなか悪くないわね=Doing anal is not bad, not bad at all!
一度経験すれば、後は慣れるだけね。お尻も少しずつだけど、拡がってきているし=After the first experience, it's only a matter of getting used to it. My anus' becoming looser too, slowly but surely.
もうアナルに抵抗はないわね。心は最初からだけど、体も大分落ち着いたわ=I have no resistance to anal sex anymore. My heart was ready from the start, but even my body's gotten used to it now.
そろそろ新しい刺激が欲しいわね。貴方のお尻とか、それが嫌なら、尿道とかはどう？=I feel like trying something new now. Like your own butt, or if you're against that, then how about your urethra?
お尻でイカされるのは想定内よ、私だって、経験が浅いものくらいあるわ=The fact that you made me cum from my ass is within expectations, Even I have things I am inexperienced with...
少し乱されてしまったわね、まだまだ開発途上と言ったところかしら=You made me go a bit chaotic, I suppose the development of my asspussy is still in progress...
んぅ、逆に開発し過ぎたかしら……感度が無駄に上がってしまっているわね=Nnn--, maybe we actually overdid the training of my ass instead... It's becoming pointlessly sensitive!
貴方、特技にアナルセックスって書いたら？　空欄よりはマシでしょう？=How about you write "Anal Sex" as your speciality on your resume? Would be better than leaving it empty, no?
私は見ての通りだけど、貴方はどうだったの？　感想を聞かせなさい=For me, it was as you can see, but how was it like for you? Tell me your impressions.
ん？　もっと悔しがって欲しい？　お生憎様、私はそういう事はしないの=Nn? Want me to be more vexed? Too bad for you, I don't do that stuff!
アナルくらい、貴方に勝たせてあげないとね。悔しがって泣かれても面倒だもの=Gotta let you snatch a victory with atleast anal sex. It would be a pain to deal with you when you're crying and bitter, after all...
随分上手くなってるじゃない。私以外の誰かと練習したの？　ん？　正直に言ってみなさい=You've become rather good at this. Did you practice with someone other than me? Hmm? Tell me honestly.
んぅ、予想以上よ……ゴムをしててもこんなに感じるものなのね=Nnn, better than I expected... To think I can still feel it this well, even through a condom.
そういえば、ゴム付けてたわね、すっかり忘れていたわ=Reminds me, you were wearing a condom, weren't you, I completely forgot about it...
ゴムの薄さってやっぱり関係あるのかしらね、今度色々買ってみましょうか=I wonder if it was because how thin the condom was, next time let's buy a bunch of different types!
ゴムがあるからって、よくもまぁこんなに出したわね、ゴムの膨らみ方、ちょっと異常よ=Just because we were using a condom, you sure overdid it, the way the condom's swelled up, it's kinda abnormal!
これだけ感じれるなら、ゴムを付ける弊害はないわね、よくわかったわ=If it still feels this good with it on, there's no harm in using a condom, good to know...
ピルとかも試そうかと思っていたけれど、これならゴムで十分ね=Thought I'd try using the pill as well, but since it's this good, I think the condom would be fine enough.
貴方、かなり乱れてたけど、ゴムは外れてないわよね？　きちんと確認しなさい=Even though you got all chaotic near the end, the condom didn't slip off, did it? Check and make sure.
イボ付きゴムとか、面白そうよね。貴方のチンポ、色々着せ替えしてみましょうか、フフッ=That ibotsuki condom or whatever, they sound fun. Let's dress your dick up in a bunch of different types, Fufu--
んっ、腰が抜けそうよ……私の体、支えていなさい=Nn--, I feel like my ass is going to fall off... Support my body!
お互いにハァハァ言って、フフッ、笑ってしまうわね=Both of us panting like this, Fufu--, it makes me wanna laugh!
流石にマンコ、緩くなってるわね、イったばかりの貴方を、苛めてあげようと思ったのだけど=My pussy is loosening up, isn't it, thought I'd try to tease your post-orgasm dick with it but I guess not.
よかったわね、一緒にイケて。貴方だけイっていたら、好き放題に罵倒しているところだったわ=It's nice, that we came together, isn't it. If only you came, I'd have laughed at you over it for days!
セックスをすると馬鹿になるというのは、あながち嘘ではないかもね=It's not necessarily horseshit, what they say about sex, that it turns you into an idiot.
ふぅ、流石に休憩かしらね。特別に、入れたままでいいわよ=Fuu, We really might need a break. As a special service, we can do it while it's still inside me.
んぅぅ、この余韻が、セックスしたって感じね、貴方のチンポ、まぁまぁだったわよ=Nnnnn, this lingering feeling, feels like a reminder of "I just had sex". Your dick was so-so
こら、いつまでチンポピクピクさせてるの、少しはムードというものを考えなさい=Hey, how long are you going to have your dick keep quivering, try to keep the mood in mind, atleast a bit!
んぅぅ……これは孕んだわね……フッ、まさか貴方の子なんて、悪夢ねコレ……=Nnn... I for sure got pregnant, didn't I... Hah, to think I'd have your kids, what a nightmare...
お腹が熱い気がするわ……まったく、危険日にあんな量を出すかしらね=My belly feels really hot... Good grief, letting out so much on a dangerous day!
お母さんに苛められるお父さんというのはどうなのかしら？　まぁ、よくある構図だと思うけど=How does the idea of being a husband that's constantly tormented by his wife sound? Well, I think it's a common concept.
言っておくけど、子供が出来ても私達の関係は変わらないわよ。私が上、貴方が下、覆る事はないわ=I'll say this now, but even if I have kids, our relationship won't change. I'm the top, and you're the bottom, nothing will change that!
貴方、子供って好き？　好きなら任せるわ……私、苦手なのよ……=You like kids? If you do, I'll leave the raising to you... I'm bad with them...
子宮って……この辺よね？　んぅっ、心なしかムズムズするわ……=The womb... it's around here, isn't it? Nnnn--, it feels really itchy and impatient, for some reason...
量だけは立派。種馬として生計を立てれそうね=The only thing worth nothing is the amount. Looks like you could make a living as a studhorse!
母乳、飲んでみたい？　大人が飲むとお腹を壊すそうよ、貴方で実験してみましょ=Hey, feel like trying mother's milk? They say it'll give you a bad stomach if you drink it as an adult, let's test it out on you!
……私だけイった、のよね？　んっ……気持ち良かったわよ=... I climaxed by myself, didn't I? Nn--... It felt really good.
よくやったわ、褒めてあげる。ヘタクソだったら、すぐに捨てていたところよ=Good job, I'll praise you. If you had sucked, I'd have thrown you away near instantly!
チンポだけは一人前になったじゃない、他もこうだといいのだけれど、期待するだけ無駄ね=Your dick's the only mature part of you, would be nice if the rest of you followed soon but, just hoping won't do anything will it?
あぁ、本気で感じてしまったわ、やはり私の見る目は確かだった。貴方、最高の性奴隷よ=Aaah, that felt so good, my eye for things really is reliable. You're the best sex slave!
ふぅん、貴方のモノ、気に入ったわ、私のセックスペットになりなさい=Hmmm, I've taken a liking to your thing, become my sex pet!
尽くす犬は嫌いじゃないわ。頭、撫でてあげましょうか？　ん？=I don't hate devoted dogs. Shall I rub your head? Hmm?
頑張った事は認めてあげる。でも、私の調教のおかげでもあるのよ？　忘れないで=I'll give you credit for your hard work. But it's only because of the training I've given you. Don't forget that!
よく頑張ったわね、ご褒美にたくさん苛めてあげる……痛いの、熱いの、どれがいいかしらね？=You worked hard, as your reward, I'll tease you lots... Painful things or Hot things, which would you prefer?
ぁぁ、お尻で一緒に、イったのね……んぅっ、一瞬意識が飛びかけたわ……=Aaah, We came together, from my butt, didn't we... Nnn--, for a moment I...
お尻で、ここまで感じれるのね、んぅっ、いい発見をしたわ、フフッ=Anal can feel this good, huh, Nnnn--, we've made a nice discovery, fufu--
あらあら、お互いしばらく動けなそうね……まぁいいわ、余韻に浸るのも、悪くないでしょう=Oh my, looks like we both won't be able to move for a while... Well, no problem, basking in the lingering feeling doesn't sound bad either...
んっ、漏れそうかも……フフフッ、嘘よ、慌て過ぎっ。私が出したものなら、喜んで受け入れなさい=Nn--, It might leak out... Fufufu--, Just a joke, you panic too much--. If it's something I let out, accept it happily.
あら、射精しても元気なままね、まだまだ苛められたいのかしら？=Oh my, it's still lively even after shooting its load, you still want to be tormented?
お尻で苛めるの、癖になりそうよ、貴方も嬉しいでしょ？　ね？=I might get addicted to teasing you with my butt, you're happy about it too, no? Hmm?
まだ大きいままね、どれだけアナルが好きなの？　貴方、変態を通り越して、狂ってるわよ=still big huh, just how much do you love anal? You've gone past being a hentai, now you're just straight up crazy!
閃いたわ、貴方の新しい苛め方……貴方の顔に、脱糞してあげる、お尻もほぐれてるし、丁度いいわね=It's just come to me, a novel way to torment you... I'll shit on your face. My ass is all loose already, so it's just perfect.
んぅ、お尻でイカされたわ……流石、毎日いやらしい事ばかり考えている人は違うわね=Nn, I was made to cum from my ass... Truly, people who only think about lewd stuff all day everyday are truly different...
貴方にイカされた事も驚きだけど、お尻でここまで感じた事の方が驚きよ=It's surprising that you were able to make me climax, but it's even more astonishing that anal could feel this good.
貴方のアナル好きも、ここまでくると大したものね、何を喜んでいるの？　嫌味だとわからない？=To think your love for anal reaches this far, it's quite impressive. What are you all happy for? Can't tell when someone's being sarcastic?
ここは素直に喜びましょう、貴方のチンポが私のアナルをイカせた、フフッ、記念日にでもする？=Let's be honestly happy about this, your dick managed to make me cum from my ass, Fufu--, wanna make it an anniversary?
誰にでも一つ位取り柄はあるものよ、貴方のそれはお尻でする事みたいね=Everyone has atleast one redeeming point to them, for you it seems to be anal sex.
お尻でイカせたくらいで勝ち誇っちゃって　フフッ、そういう所、ほんと子供ね=Being that happy for being able to make me cum from my ass, Fufu--, that side of you truly is childish!
よくもまぁ、こんなにイカせてくれたものね、貴方のアナルへの執念、少し異常よ=Some guts you have, making me cum this hard, your obsession with anal, it's a bit abnormal, you know?
はぁ、長かったわ、貴方のダメチンポをここまで育てるの。途中で何回、捨ててしまおうと思ったか=Haa, took so long, to nurture your pathetic cock to this point. You have any idea just how many times I felt like throwing it and you away, midway?
一人でイって、しかもゴムに大量射精……プッ、笑うなという方が無理でしょう=Cumming by yourself, and such a huge amount at that, in a condom to boot... Hah, Even if you tell me not to, I can't help but laugh!
フッ、自分で情けないと思わないの？　女を満足させられず、ゴムに出したのよ？=Hah, Don't you think it's pathetic yourself? You shot out in the condom without even satisfying the woman you're with!
ほんと、我慢の出来ないダメチンポね、貴方は一生、ゴムに出してなさい=Truly, what a loser dick with absolutely zero self control, shoot out your load in a condom for the rest of your life!
ねぇ、いつまで入れてるつもり？　貴方のセックスは終わったの、ゴム付きチンポ、早く抜きなさい=Hey, how long are you planning on keeping that thing in? For you, sex is over, quickly take out your condom covered dick.
射精すると、小さくなるんでしょ？　ゴムが外れる前に、早く抜きなさい=Once you've blown your load, it becomes small again, right? Quickly take it out, before the condom slips off!
こんな事じゃ、生でしてもダメそうね、刺激が強い分、もっと早くイクんじゃない？=If it's like this, doing it raw would be no good, wouldn't it? Wouldn't you just cum even quicker since the sensation would be stronger?
なんで私、こんな出来損ないのチンポの相手をしたのかしら……はぁ、自己嫌悪ね=Why did I have sex with someone with such a worthless dick... Haa, I fucking hate myself.
はい、おしまい。ん？　何か不満？　まさかそんな雑魚チンポで、もう一度なんて、言わないわよねぇ？=Alright, that's all, you're done. Hmm? Got a complaint? With such a small fry dick of yours, you're not going to ask for a round two, are you?
やっぱり、貴方に生は早かったみたいね、オナニーでもして鍛えてみれば？=As I thought, looks like it was too early to let you do it raw, why not try tempering yourself with masturbation first?
生だからってイクの早過ぎよ、童貞でも、もうちょっと我慢できるんじゃない？=Even if it was raw, didn't you cum way too fast? Even Virgins should be able to hold on for longer, on?
何か言い訳はある？　なければさっさと謝りなさい、一人で先にイって、ごめんないってね=Do you have an excuse? If not, apologize already, "I came early by myself, I'm sorry"
貴方、一人で気持ちよくなる事ばかり考えてるでしょ？　それはね、セックスとは言わないのよ？=You only think about to feel good by yourself, don't you? You can't call that sex, you know?
まぁ、最初から期待はしてきなかったけれど、予想以上に早かったわね=Well, while I didn't have any hope from the start, you came way faster than I expected even then!
折角中出しさせてあげたのに、一人でイクなんて、救いようが無いわね=Even though I finally let you do it inside me, cumming by yourself, you truly cannot be helped.
次は根元を縛り付けておこうかしら、射精もろくに我慢できないんだから、仕方ないわよね=Shall I tie up and constrain your dick at the base next time, you can't endure the urge to cum, so it can't be helped!
こうも情けないチンポだと、少し飽きてきたわね。貴方、そろそろ頑張らないと、本気で捨てるわよ？=With how pathetic your dick is, it makes me just a tad bit tired of it, honestly. If you don't get your act together, I really will discard you, you know?
あのねぇ、女にとって危険日に中出しさせるのは特別なの……それを貴方は、もう……=You know, for women, letting someone do it inside them when it's an unsafe day is very special... And you've gone ahead and...
子供が物心ついたら教えてあげるわ、貴方はお父さんが一人でイった精子だってね=When the kids are grown up enough to understand, I'll tell them, you know, that they're the result of their father climaxing by himself!
はぁ、嫌ね、子供の顔を見る度に、貴方が一人でイった事を思い出すのよ？　憂鬱過ぎるわ=Haa, how unpleasant, every time I look at our child, I'll remember how you climaxed by yourself, you know? Way too depressing...
フッ、一発も二発も変わらないでしょう。こうなったら私が満足するまで、中出しさせ続けてあげるわ=Hah, whether it's one shot or two, doesn't make a difference in the end. Now that it's come to this, I'll have you keep cumming inside me again and again till I'm satisfied!
子作りの時くらい、一緒にイこうと思わないの？　貴方、男として最低よ=Even when we're trying to have children, you still can't think of cumming together? As a man, you're the worst!
呆れた、こういう時くらい根性を見せなくて、いつ見せるのよ……まったく=I'm fed up, if you won't show your guts at a time like this, when will you... Good grief!
わかった、私が徹底的に鍛え直すわ。貴方みたいな情けない父親じゃ、子供が可哀相よ=I got it, I'll just have to completely retrain you. I'll feel bad for my children if they had a pathetic father like you!
子供より貴方の方が手がかかりそうだわ。何で私、こんなダメチンポに中出しなんて許したのかしら=Rather than the child, looks like you'll end up being more of a handful. Just why did I let someone like you cum inside me?!
んぅ、少しは落ち着いてきたかしら……んっ、いつまで入れてる気？　そろそろ抜きなさい=Nn, Looks like you've calmed down a bit... Nn--, How long do you plan on keeping that in? Take it out already!
このまま寝てしまいたいわね……貴方はダメよ、抜いてゴムを外してから……=I feel like just sleeping like this... You can't, though, take it out and dispose of the condom first...
さぁ、そろそろ動けるようになったでしょ？　ゴムを付け変えて、次の準備をしなさい=Now then, you should be able to move by now, right? Change out the condom, prepare for the next round!
生でしたかった？　フフッ、そう簡単にはさせてあげないわよ、ありがたみがなくなるでしょう=Wanted to do it raw? Fufu--, I won't let you do it that easily, it'll lose it's value.
ゴムがあると安心感が違うわね、貴方のようなお調子者とする時は尚更よ=It really does feel a lot more relaxing to do it with a condom on, especially when doing it with someone cocky like you!
貴方のせいでゴムを持ち歩くようになったわ、節操なしの相手は大変よ=It's because of you that I've had to start carrying around a condom with me everywhere, it really is troublesome to have a honourless guy like you for a partner!
んっ、また大きくなってきたわね、こういう時だけは頼もしいじゃない=Nn--, it's gotten bigger again, it's only at times like this that you're dependable.
大きくしたままなら、一度抜きなさい、マンコ緩くなったら、貴方のせいよ=If you're going to stay hard like that, take it out for now, if my pussy loosens up, it'll be your fault!
んぅ、少しは落ち着いてきたかしら……生のセックスでイクのって凄いわね=Nnn--, Have you calmed down a bit... A raw sex orgasm is amazing, isn't it?
イった後が一番敏感と言うのは本当みたいね、貴方、少し締めるだけで震え過ぎだもの=Looks like its true that it's at its most sensitive post-ejaculation, your thing's quivering way too much just from being tightened around a little bit!
生の方が、やっぱりセックスしたって感じがするわね、んぅ、いい気分よ=Doing it raw has a lot more of that "We just had sex" feeling than anything else, Nnn, It's a nice feeling
また節操なく大量に出したわね。抜いた時にどれだけ垂れるか、フフッ、楽しみね=You shot out an unchastely huge amount again. I'm looking forward to seeing just how much leaks out when you take it out, Fufu--
貴方のモノがずっとピクピクしてるけど、これってもう一回したいって事かしら？=Your thing's been twitching for a quite a while now, is it trying to signal that it's ready for another round?
もう少しだけこうしていましょうか、男と違ってね、女は雰囲気を楽しめるのよ=Shall we stay like this, just for a little bit more? Unlike men, women enjoy the mood a lot more.
お腹の奥がずっしりしている気がするわ。貴方、バカみたいに出し過ぎよ=The depths of my belly feel so darn heavy. You truly shot out an idiotic amount!
はぁ、セックスに夢中になる気持ちわかるわ、こんなに気持ちいい事、そうそうないものね=Haa, I understand the feeling of losing yourself to the ecstacy of sex, this much pleasure isn't something you get to experience often!
もういいでしょ、そんなにずっと入れてなくても、たぶん孕んでるわよ、=That should be enough, no? It should be fine to take it out now, I've probably gotten pregnant!
若さ故の過ちってやつかしら……私、後悔は嫌いだから、きちんと責任取りなさい=Wonder if they'd call this a "mistake of youth"... I hate having regrets, so make sure to properly take responsibility, okay?
苛めは苛めらる方も悪いなんて言うけど、貴方は特にね、自分から一生苛められに来てるんだもの=They say the problem lies with the bullied as well as the bully, but it's especially true for you, running over by yourself to get bullied for the rest of your life and whatnot!
子供が出来たら、私も母性が強くなったりするのかしら？　安心なさい、子供は苛めない、貴方を苛めるの=If I have a child, will even I become more motherly? Don't worry, I won't torment our kids, I'll only torment you.
まずは病院かしらね……貴方も付き合うのよ？　拒否権はないわ=Now then, gotta make a trip to the hospital... You're coming along too, you know? You don't get to say no!
なんだか嬉しそうじゃない、貴方、子供好きなの？=You seem pretty happy, you like kids?
不安そうにするのやめなさい、どうなっても貴方は私に従ってればいいの、シンプルでいいでしょ？=Stop being so worried, no matter what happens, all you have to do is follow my lead, simple and easy, no?
家庭を持つなんて想像もしてなかったわね。しかも貴方となんて、未だに信じられないわ=I never in my wildest dreams thought I'd ever raise a family. And with you to boot, it's still unbelievable to me.
んぅ、いいモノもってるじゃない……交尾だけ上手いなんて、貴方らしいわ=Nn, you've got quite the nice thing there... So like you, to only be good when it comes to mating!
一時（いっとき）の勝利に溺れない事ね、あまり調子に乗ると、ひっぱたくわよ？=Don't lose your head over a moment's victory, if you get carried away I'll spank you!
自信をつけるのは構わないけど、チンポ得意気に揺らすのはやめなさい、不快極まりないわ=It's good that you have a bit of self-confidence now but, stop swinging your dick all proudly like that, it makes me extremely uncomfortable!
まだまだ始まったばかりでしょ？　あまり浮かれていると、この後が大変よ？　フフッ=We've only just started, you know? If you get overly happy just with this, you'll have trouble later, you know? Fufu--
ようやく貴方のいいところを見つけたわ、何の取り柄もないクズじゃなくて良かったわね=Finally I found your one good point, good thing you're not completely worthless trash with absolutely no redeeming features, no?
少し喜び過ぎね、私をイカせるのは貴方の役目、当たり前の事をしただけなのよ？=You're a bit too happy, making me cum is your duty, what you did just now is completely natural and expected, you know?
フフッ、気分がいいわ、たまには飴をあげる。ご褒美に何が欲しいか、考えておきなさい=Fufu--, I'm a good mood, I don't mind showing you the carrot every now and then. What do you want for your reward? Think it over...
さて、次よ次、一度イカされたくらいで、私は満足しないから、とことん付き合ってもらうわよ=Now then, let's go for the next round, you can't satisfy me with just one orgasm, I'll have you accompany me till the end!
お尻も悪くなかったけれど、明日のトイレが怖いわね……=It didn't feel too bad, having it in my butt, but I'm scared of going to the toilet tomorrow...
出して終わりの人はいいわよね、私はこれからが大変なのよ……=It must be nice, to be able to cum and be done with it, I'm going to have a hard time from here on out...
このお尻が緩んでる感じ、気持ちいいわ……んっ、女の絶頂は長いの、もう少し付き合いなさい=This feeling of my ass loosening up, feels so good... Nn--, A woman's orgasm is pretty long, keep me company for a bit longer!
貴方もメスイキを覚えるべきよ、女々しく泣いた情けない顔、想像しただけでゾクゾクするわ=You really oughta try feeling a woman's climax, just imagining your crying and pathetic sissy expression, it makes my spine tingle!
ほら、お尻拡がっちゃうでしょ、満足したなら早く抜きなさい=Hey, my ass's going to stretch out, if you're done then take it out already!
お尻のケアまできちんと付き合いなさい、でないともうさせてあげないわよ=Help me with my ass's aftercare too, if you don't, I won't let you do this again!
アナルでイクの気持ちいいわよ？　貴方にも是非経験させてあげないとね=An anal orgasm feels really good, you know? Gotta get you to experience it atleast once for sure.
アナルとチンポ、一緒にイったら気持ちいいでしょうね……私と貴方じゃなくて、貴方だけの話よ=An anal and dick orgasm at the same time, probably feels really good... I'm not talking about me and you, but rather just you alone.
お尻の奥が変な感じよ……これ、しばらく続きそうで嫌ね=The depths of my ass feel really weird... I don't like it, feels like it'll go on for a while.
命令よ、抜く時に穴を見ないこと……目を閉じて抜けば簡単でしょ？=This is an order, don't look at the whole when you take it out... It should be easy enough to take it out with your eyes closed, no?
確実にお尻拡がってるわね、これはもう直らないわ、直すつもりもないけれどね=My butt's stretched out for sure, I don't think it'll go back to normal anymore, though I don't feel like making it go back to normal anyway...
次もアナルでいいの？　それともマンコ？　何でもいいけど、早く決めておきなさい=Wanna do anal again for the next? Or will it be my pussy instead? I'm fine with anything, so quickly make your decision!
あぁっ、出たっ、精液、凄い勢いよ=Aaah--, Here it comes--, Your semen, it's flowing with so much vigour!
んっ、気持ちよさそうに出すじゃない、フフッ=Nn--, Must feel good, you're letting out so much, Fufu--
ほらほら、もっと出せるでしょう？　くっさい精液、出し尽くしちゃいなさいっ=Come on, you should be able to shoot out more, no? Empty out all of your stinky semen--
いいわ、もっと腰をガクガクさせながら、最高にみっともなく射精しなさいっ=Good, have your hips quiver even more, and have the most shameful orgasm--
んぁっ、凄いわね、ちょっと出し過ぎなんじゃないの？=Nnah--, pretty amazing, didn't you shoot out way too much?
思い切り出しなさい、みっともなくよがりながらね=Shoot out with all your strength, while disgracefully feeling the pleasure!
あら、チンポ壊れちゃったんじゃない？　いつまで出し続けるつもり？=Oh my, did your dick break? How long are you planning on squirting it out?
フフッ、どれだけ溜めてきたの？　ゼリーみたいな精子、そんなに射精して、濃くて臭くて、むせそうよ=Fufu--, just how much did you even have in there? You've shot out so much of your jelly-like sperm, it's so thick and smelly, it's almost choking.
この独特の匂い……嗅いでると体が疼くわね=This unique smell... Smelling it makes my body throb.
引くくらい出したわね……全部自分で舐め取りなさい=You shot out so much, I almost wanna pull back... Lick all of it clean yourself.
無駄打ち射精ご苦労様。オナニーと一緒で、やりやすかったでしょ？=Good work on that wasted ejaculation. Was easy like masturbation, no?
精液、きちんと溜めてきて偉いわよ……全部抜き出してあげるから、喜びなさい=Looks like you've acumulated quite a lot of semen, what a good boy... I'll extract all of it for you, so be happy!
その汚れたモノどうにかしたら？　私は綺麗になんてしてあげないわよ=Why don't you deal with that filthy thing of yours? I'm not going to clean it up for you!
精液の匂いも、人によって違うのかしら？　皆、こんなに臭いものなの？=Does the smell of semen differ depending on the person? Does everyone have semen this stinky?
あれだけ出して、まだまだチンポ元気じゃない、これなら何度も楽しめそうね=Your dick's still so lively, even though you came so much just now, seems like I can enjoy this many times over!
あーあ、一生懸命作った精液、また無駄打ちね。誰に作られるか選べない精液達って、可哀相=Aaaaaa, the semen your body worked so hard to produce, wasted yet again. I feel bad for all your sperm, being unable to decide who they're born out of!
射精しても大きいままね、それならまだ楽しめそうかしら=You're still hard even after cumming, if it's like this, I can enjoy it one more time!
こんなに飛ばして、勢いだけはいいのね……貴方らしいわ=Making it fly so far, the only thing you're good for is your vigour... As expected of you, really...
相変わらずドロドロね、こんなの中に入れたら、すぐに孕ませられそうだわ=Syrupy as usual, if you did it inside, you'd make me pregnant for sure!
いつまでチンポびくびくさせてるの？　あぁ、そうね、今が一番敏感なのよね……フフフッ=How long are you going to keep having your dick twitch? Aaah, that's right, it's as sensitive as it can be right now, isn't it... Fufufu--
んぅっ、精液垂れるっ……こんなに出して、調子に乗り過ぎよ=Nnn--, Semen's leaking out--... Letting out so much, you really got carried away!
よく見ておくといいわ、貴方の人生で、そう何度も見れるものではないでしょうからね=You should take a good look, because this isn't a sight you'll get to see that often, not in your whole life.
ほら、貴方が好きなやつよ……マンコから垂れる精液、見たかったんでしょ？=Look, its your favourite part... You wanted to see your semen leaking out of my pussy, no?
ほら、奥までぱっくりよ、私のマンコの中、見ておきなさい、そこが貴方を気持ちよくしてあげたのよ=Hey, it's gaping open, my pussy, all the way to the back, so take a good look. That's the place that made you feel that good, you know?
あぁ、どれだけ出したの？　溢れて止まらないじゃない……=Aaah, Just how much did you shoot out? It won't stop spilling out...
垂れた精液、啜ってもいいわよ？　私の愛液と混ざって、美味しいかも=You can try slurping up some of this dripping out semen, you know? It might be pretty tasty, all mixed with my lovejuices!
んっ、んんっ、頑張って注ぎ込んだ精子、全部吐き出してあげるわ、フフッ=Nn--, Nnn--, The sperm you worked so hard to pour in, I'll push it all out!
さぁ、何て言うのかしら？　中出しありがとうございました、でしょう？　早く言いなさい=Now then, what you're supposed to say here? "Thanks for letting me cum inside", no? Say it, quickly
ちょっと、お尻見過ぎよ、悪趣味にも程があるわ=Hey, you're staring at my ass too much, even pervertedness should have a limit!
んぅっ、このお尻から抜ける時がっ、最後のお楽しみって感じね……=Nnn--, The feeling I get the moment you take it out of my ass--, it's like the final bit of pleasure...
私のアナル、舐めて綺麗にしてもいいのよ？　今なら拡がってるし、やりやすいと思うわ=I don't mind if you wanna lick my ass and its insides clean, you know? It's still rather spread apart, so I think it'll be pretty easy.
はぁ、貴方のアナルも、これくらい拡がるようにしないとね……慣れると病み付きよ？　フフッ=Haa, gotta make your ass this loose too... Once you get used to it, it's pretty addicting, you know? Fufu--
んぅ、お尻の穴、戻るの遅いのね……少しもどかしいわ=Nn, the asshole's really slow at returning to normal, isn't it... It's a bit tantalizing...
あら、一気に静かになったわね、お尻から抜いてしまったのが、そんなに寂しい？=Oh my, you've become quiet all of a sudden, does not having it in my ass anymore make you feel that lonely and empty?
またして欲しいなら、素直に言いなさい。正直者は得をするわよ=If you want me to do it again, say it to me honestly. Honest people always succeed!
ほら、おやつをあげるわ、アナルから垂れた臭くて汚い精液、飲んでいいわよ=Here, I'll give you a snack, you can drink the stinky, filthy semen that's dripping out of my ass!
物足りないわね、もう少ししてあげてもいいわよ？=Still not satisfying enough, I don't mind doing it a bit more, you know?
ほら、早く来なさい、枯れるまで付き合ってあげるわ=Come on, come quickly, I'll keep you company till you completely wither out!
まだチンポ大きいじゃない、ほーら、早く入れなさい=Isn't your dick still big, come on, quickly put it in!
私はまだいけるわよ。貴方はどうなの？=I can still go on, how about you?
まさかもう終わり？　ホント、情けないわねぇ……=No way, is it already over? Truly, how pathetic...
勝手に終わろうとしないで、まだ私は満足してないわよ=Don't end it selfishly, I'm still not satisfied!
えぇ、来なさい……=Yes, come...
マンコの奥まで、一気に来なさい=Thrust it in, in one go, all the way to the back of my pussy!
フフッ、あと何回できるかしらね？　楽しみにさせてもらうわ=Fufu--, I wonder how many rounds you can go? I look forward to seeing for myself!
そうよ、それでいいの……=That's right, just like that...
何度でも搾り取ってあげるわ=I'll squeeze you out as many times as you want!
回復力は大したものね。いいわ、またマンコで可愛がってあげる=You've got quite some resilience. Good, I'll tease you with my pussy again!
ゴム、付けなさい。同じ事を何度も言わせないで=Put on a condom. Don't make me repeat the same thing again and again!
そう、ゴムをしないという事は、もう今日は終わりという事でいいのかしら？=I see, if you're not going to put on a condom, then that means you're fine with stopping here for today, right?
そんなにゴムが嫌なら、貞操帯でも付けてあげましょうか？=If you hate using a condom that much, then shall I put a chastity belt on you instead?
また避妊を忘れてるわ、そんなに潰されたいの？=You're forgetting the contraception again, you really want me to crush your dick that much?
いい加減にしなさい、避妊もまともにできないの？=Get your act together, can't you use even a condom properly?
ほら、ゴムは？　物覚えが悪いわね。バカなペットは去勢するわよ？=Hey, what about the condom? Your ability to learn is pretty bad, huh. I castrate any stupid pets of mine, you know?
ゴムをつけないなら、去勢しなきゃいけないわね=If you're not going to put on a condom, then I'll have to get you castrated!
そういう事されると萎えるのよ、自重なさい=If you keep acting like that, I'll lose interest, be less rash!
浅ましいチンポね、オナホとでもしてなさい=What a miserable dick, use an onahole instead!
そんなに避妊が嫌なら、野良犬とでもしてなさい=If you hate using contraception that much then just be a stray dog instead I guess!
いちいち注意されないとゴムも付けられないの？　雰囲気が台無しよ=If I don't pay attention to every single thing, then will you not put on even something as basic as a condom? You've ruined the mood!
貴方のチンポは繁殖用じゃないでしょ？　避妊はきちんとしなさい=Your dick's not made for breeding, no? Use contraception properly!
はぁ、お尻お尻って、どこまで好きなのよ……=Haa, going on about ass again and again, just how much do you love anal...
アナルは避妊を気にしなくていいから好きよ。さぁ、来なさい=I like anal since we don't have to bother with contraception. Now then, Come!
あら、アナルで苛められるの、そんなに気に入った？=Oh my, you like being teased by my ass that much?
またお尻？　変わってるのね=Anal again? You're pretty eccentric.
さっきよりキツく締めるわよ=I'll clamp down around you tighter than before!
私もアナル好きよ、フフッ、好きにされたと言った方がいいかしら=I love anal too, Fufu--, or rather, should I say that you made me fall in love with it.
度し難い変態ね、素直に前でしなさい=Truly an incorrigible pervert, obediently do it in the front!
アナルは嫌よ、他の事にしなさい=I don't like anal, do it some other place!
今はマンコでしたい気分なの、貴方のやりたい事なんて、知らないわ=Right now I feel like regular sex, with my pussy instead, I don't care about what you wanna do!
そこは性器じゃないわよ=That place isn't part of my genitals!
アナルアナルって、その辺にしておきなさいよ=Always going on about anal, give it a rest already!
そんなにアナルが好きなら、自分のを指でほじくってなさい=If you love anal that much, pick at your own with your fingers instead!
いい感じね、ぴったり収まってるじゃない=Feels nice, it fits perfectly, doesn't it?
さぁ、また一勝負といきましょうか=Now then, let's have another bout!
貴方、どんどん余裕なくなってるでしょ？　隠しても無駄よ=You're running out of elbow room bit by bit, aren't you? It's pointless even if you try to hide it!
んっ、悪くないわ……この感覚=Nn--, This sensation... Not bad.
んぅ？　小さくなってない？　きちんと勃起させなさい=Nnn? Isn't it getting smaller? Get a proper erection, seriously!
んぅ、このマンコが拡げられる感じ、何回味わってもいいものね=Nn, this feeling of having my pussy spread apart, no matter how many times I experience it, it still feels so good!
んくっ、貴方ね……私がさせてあげているという事、忘れてはダメよ=nnkuh--, you... You musn't forget that I'm letting you do this!
フフッ、必死になっちゃって、可愛いところもあるじゃない=Fufu--, So frantic, looks like you have some cute sides too.
焦り過ぎよ、入れた瞬間に出そうになっていたでしょ？　フフッ=You're too anxious, felt like cumming the moment you thrusted in, no? Fufu--
強引にすれば女を支配できると思った？　私は例外よ=Thought that you'd be able to dominate women if you acted all overbearing? I'm an exception, you know?
宣戦布告というわけね、いいでしょう、そういうノリのは嫌いじゃないわ=Declaring all out war, huh, why not, I don't hate that sort of enthusiasm.
あ～ん、やめてぇ～……フッ、なんて、言うわけないでしょ=Aaa~hn, Stop~... Pfft, like hell I'd say that!
イった後って一番敏感なのでしょう？　フフッ、中で震え過ぎよ=It's at its most sensitive right after cumming, right? Fufu--, It's quivering way too much inside me...
フッ、笑えるくらいビクビクしてるわね。まさか、入れただけでイクつもり？=Hah, it's quivering so much I almost wanna laugh. By any chance, are you already about to cum, just from putting it in?
んふっ、イって敏感になったチンポ、また苛めてあげる=nnfu--, your dick, so sensitive from cumming just now, I'll tease it again!
んぅっ、まだ、少しヒリヒリするわ……=Nnn--, it still stings a bit...
はぁっ、また奥まで来た……んくっ、この息苦しいのが病み付きよ=Haa--, it's in all the way to the back again... Nnkuh--, this sense of oppression is so addicting!
アナルとチンポ、どっちも震えさせて、これじゃ二人とも変態ね=My ass and your dick, both of them are quivering so much, both of us are perverts huh?
お尻って、こんなにして大丈夫なのかしら……=Is it really okay for us to do this much anal...
キツク締めるけど、あっけなく射精しないでちょうだい=I'll clamp around tightly, but please don't take that as your cue to cum quickly!
んぅ、深いわ、良い所まで入ってる。なかなかいいチンポじゃない=Nnn, So deep, It's in all the way to a good spot. Pretty good dick you got there.
こっ、のっ……すぐ調子にのって……=Th--, is--... you always get carried away...
せっかちね。ちゃんと気持ちよくすれば、お尻は逃げないわよ？=So impatient. My ass isn't going to run away if you thoroughly take the time to feel the pleasure, you know...
悪戯したつもり？　わかってて入れさせてあげたのよ=Planning to be naughty? I knew, but I still let you do it, you know...
んあぁっ、いきなりはやめなさい=Nnnaahh--, Don't do things without warning me first!
フフッ、最初くらい強がりたいわよね。どうせすぐ泣く事になるのだから=Fufu--, You wanna act tough atleast at the start, don't you, I understand. Afterall, you're going to be reduced to tears soon anyway!
あら、まだまだ元気じゃない、もっと搾り取る必要がありそうね=Oh my, still so lively, looks like I need to squeeze you out even more!
じっとしていると、貴方の形がよくわかるわね=If you stand still, I can really feel the form of your shape in me.
あら、種切れかしら？　でも、途中でやめるなんてダメよ=Oh my, out of juice? But, you musn't stop midway!
誰が休んでいいと言ったの？　早く動きなさい=Who told you you could rest? Start moving, quickly!
んっ、ゆっくり馴染ませるというのも、悪くないわね=Nn--, slowly mixing together like this, it's not bad either!
ん？　出すなら出してもいいわよ？　馬鹿にしてあげるけど=Nn? It's alright if you wanna cum, you know? I'll make fun of you if you do though!
息が辛そうね？　いいわぁ、貴方の苦しむ声、私好きよ=Hard to breathe, isn't it? It's great, I love your suffering-filled voice.
もしかして……お尻の感触を楽しんでる？　気持ち悪いわね=Perhaps... Are you savouring the texture of my ass? So disgusting!
私は休憩していいなんて言っていないわよ？=I didn't say it was okay for you to take a break, you know?
動くとイキそう？　フフッ、情けないチンポね=Feel like you'll cum if you move? Fufu--, what a pathetic dick!
焦らしているつもり？　小細工はいらないわよ=Trying to tantalize me? I don't care for your cheap tricks!
さっさと動きなさい愚図、大好きなアナルでしょ？=Quickly start moving, you dullard, you love anal, no?
何を企んでも無駄よ、貴方はただ、私を気持ちよくしてればいいの=No matter what you're trying at, it's futile, all you should focus on is making me feel good.
あら、ギブアップ？　まだ縮んではいないようだけど=Oh my, giving up? Your thing doesn't seem to have gotten any smaller though.
フフッ、とうとう撃ち尽くしたかしら？=Fufu--, are you finally out of juice completely?
何故抜いたの？　まさか、ここで終わり？=Why did you take it out? By any chance, we're ending it here?
無理ならはっきり言いなさい、無駄な時間を過ごすつもりはないわ=If you can't do it, just say it straight, I have no intention of pointlessly wasting my time!
ん？　ふざけているの？　そういうの、何も面白くないわよ=Hmm? Are you screwing around? That's not amusing at all!
アナルでしたくなったの？　優柔不断は嫌いよ=Feel like doing Anal instead? I hate indecisiveness, you know?
できないなら先に言いなさい、自分の事もわからないの？=If you can't do it, say it beforehand, can you not tell even your own status?
もう終わり？　まぁ、貴方にしては頑張った方じゃない？=Already over? Well, it was a good effort, considering it's you.
私のアナルなら大丈夫よ？　貴方のダメチンポと違ってね=As far as my ass is concerned, I'm sure it's fine. Unlike your no-good dick!
そろそろ限界？　どれくらい出せるものなのソレ？=About to hit your limit? How much can you even shoot out with that thing of yours?
優柔不断ね。いえ、考え無しかしら、どちらにしても最悪ね=So indecisive. No, would be better to say thoughtless. Either way, you're the worst!
トイレなら早く行ってきなさい、私の中で出したりしたら、自害させるから=If you need to take a piss, go do it quickly, if you do it while inside me, I'll make you hang yourself!
ふぅん、いい感じになってきたじゃない=Hmmm, you've gotten better at this.
いいわよ、その調子っ=Good, just like that--
このねっとりした感じ、悪くないわ=This soft and sticky feeling, not bad.
もうほぐれてるわ、強くしても大丈夫よ？=It's pretty loose already, you can use more power, you know?
また大きくなってるわよ？　底なしの性欲ね=It's getting bigger again, you know? Truly a bottomless well of lust!
いい具合よ、マンコ気持ちいいわ=Keep going like that, my pussy feels really good!
はぁっ、中、引き摺り出されそうっ=Haa--, my insides, I feel like they're being pulled out--
最高だわ、もうマンコぐしょぐしょよ=This is the best, my pussy's already soaking wet!
そうよ、何も考えずに、ただ腰を振ってなさい=That's right, don't think about anything, and just move your hips!
さっきより、大きくなってるわよっ=You're bigger than before--
必死に、惨めに腰を振りなさい=Shake your hips miserably, frantically!
そう簡単に射精できないように、マンコの入口を締めてあげるわ=I'll tighten the opening off my pussy around you, so that you can't cum so easily!
お尻が熱くて、よくわからなくなってきたわ=My ass is so hot, I'm losing my senses!
アナルの奥でっ、チンポ膨らんでるわっ=Your dick's expanding--, all the way to the back of my ass--
はぁっ、もうチンポ入ってない方が不自然に感じるわ=Haa--, I feel like now it's more unnatural to not have a dick up my ass at all times!
そうよ、まだゆっくりで十分だわ=That's right, that slow pace is fine enough...
アナルでイクまで続けなさい=Keep going till I cum!
アナルの奥まで、もっと激しく突きなさい=Thrust it in with more energy, all the way to the back!
私のお尻が熱いの？　貴方のが熱いの？　どっちも？=Is it my ass that's hot? Is it your dick that's hot? Is it both?
まだまだいけそうね、頼もしいじゃない=Looks like you can still cum, ain't ya reliable?
一度入れたのだから、しっかりイクまで頑張りなさい=Since you've put it in already, keep going, work hard till I cum!
お尻めくれて、戻らなくなりそうよ=My ass's being turned inside out, I don't think it'll go back to normal!
いいわよ、アナル最高だわっ=Sure, Anal's the best--
あぁ、これ、明日のトイレが大変そうね=Aaah, looks like I'll have a tough time in the toilet tomorrow...
無駄に気力が有り余ってるようね=You have a pointlessly excessive amount of vitality saved up!
あぁっ、また奥が疼いてきたわ、この感じがいいのよ=Aaah--, the depths are throbbing again, this feels great!
はぁ、マンコが幸せ感じてるわ、最高よ=Haa, my pussy's feeling so much happiness, it's the best!
まだまだ力強いじゃない、こういう時だけは頼りになるのね=You're still going strong, it's only at times like these that you're dependable...
もう完全に、貴方の形は覚えたわね=I've completely memorized the shape of your thing now.
締め付けを弱める気はないわよ、必死でマンコ突きなさい=I don't plan on lessening the pressure on your dick, so thrust in even more desperately!
こんなに気持ちよくなるなんて、大丈夫なのかしら=Is it really alright for it to feel this good?
もっとよ、必死に腰を振りなさい=More, Shake your hips even more desperately!
あぐっ、マンコいいっ、マンコ気持ちいいわっ=Aguh--, My pussy feels good--, My pussy feels so gooood---
んくっ、頭痺れて、ボーっとしてきたわ=nnkuh--, my head's going blank, I feel so dizzy...
私がイクまで続けなさい=Keep going till I cum!
あひゅっ、こう何度もされると、こっちも敏感になってくるわね=Ahyuh--, if we do this so many times, even I'll become more sensitive, won't I?
お尻、よくわからないけど、気持ちいいわ=My ass, I don't really understand what's going on with it, but it feels really good...
やってくれるじゃない、私もお尻、好きになってあげたわよ=Way to go, even I've fallen into love with anal now.
まだこんなに力強くっ、いいチンポに、なったじゃない=still so full of energy--, you've grown, a lot.
奥がもうぐちゃぐちゃで、どうなってるのコレ？=The depths' are all so soppy, what's even happening to me?
わざといやらしい音させるのやめなさい、下品よ=Stop making those obscene sounds on purpose, it's so vulgar!
もっと大きく、もっと硬くしなさい、こんなものじゃないでしょう=Make it bigger, and harder, this won't do at all!
これだけすれば、すぐに慣れてしまいそうね=If we keep going at only this pace, looks like I'll get used to it very quickly.
無理しちゃって、でもそういう必死なの、嫌いじゃないわよ=You're forcing yourself, I can tell, but that kind of desperation, I don't hate it, you know?
たまには貴方に付き合ってあげるわ、ケモノのように貪り合いましょう=I don't mind keeping you company every once in a while, let's mingle together like beasts.
お尻、感じてるわよ、感じて、しまってる=I'm feeling so good, from my ass, feeling so good.
アナルで私を落としてみなさいっ、落とせるものならねっ=Make me lose from my ass--, that is, if you can--
敏感ダメチンポのくせに頑張るじゃない、私のアナルは、気に入ったみたいよ=You're working so hard, despite the fact that your shit dick's so sensitive, looks like my ass is pleased with your efforts.
もうイキそう、また大きいの来てるわ=I'm about to cum, a big one's coming again!
ああっ、イクっ、貴方のダメチンポで、イってあげるわ=Aaah--, I'm cumming--, I'll cum, from your shitty dick!
私をイカせるまで気を抜かないことっ、絶対よっ=Don't lose your focus, not until you make me cum, you absolutely musn't--
ほらもう少しよ、しっかり腰を振りなさい=Come on, we're only a step away from the finish line, shake your hips like you mean it!
もっと激しくっ、マンコの奥まで突くのよっ=Be more intense, thrust all the way to the back of my pussy!
イグっ、凄いのが来てるわ、また私がイクところ、見ていいわよっ=Gumming--, An amazing one is coming, you can watch me again as I cum--
んぎっ、後は任せたわ、私をイカせなさい=nngih--, I leave the rest to you, make me cum!
はぁっ、マンコおかしくなりそうっ、いえ、もうなってるわ=Haa--, I feel like my pussy's gonna go crazy--, no, it's already going crazy--
マンコを気持ちよくする事だけ考えなさい、他はいらないわっ=Only think about making my pussy feel good, anything else is unnecessary--
凄いじゃない貴方、私が褒めるなんて、滅多にないわよ=You're pretty amazing, it's not everyday that I praise you, you know?
んあぁ、このイキそうになる感じ、何度味わってもたまらないわっ=nnnaaah, this feeling of being on the edge, no matter how many times I experience it, I can't get enough of it--
私もメスになってあげる、頭おかしくなるくらい、イカせてみなさいっ=I'll turn into a sow too, for you, so make me cum so much, that my head turns strange--
フフッ、またイキそうになってるわね？=Fufu--, you're on the edge again, aren't you?
声まで不細工になってきたわね、もうイクの？　またイクんでしょ？=Even your voice has become ugly now, gonna come? gonna cum again, aren't you?
射精したい時は何て言うのかしら？　ほら、答えなさい=What must you say when you want to shoot your load? Come on, answer me!
堪え性がないわね、それじゃ女を満足させられないわよ？=You have no endurance, you won't be able to satisfy any woman like that, you know?
精液出したい？　だらしない声漏らして、またイキたいの？=Wanna blow out your semen? Let me hear your loose voice, you want to cum again?
またイキそうになってるわね？　汚い白濁ザーメン、どれだけ出したら気が済むの？=Hitting your limit again, aren't you? How much of your turbid, filthy semen do you need to shoot out before you're satisfied?
射精したそうね、そうなったら、もう長くはもたないでしょう？=Looks like you want to cum, in that case, you won't be able to hold on for much longer, will you?
はぁぁ、イキそうなチンポ苛めるの最高だわ、もっと楽しませなさい=Haa, teasing your edging cock is so fun, it's the best, amuse me even more!
イってもいいわよ？　フフッ、どうせ我慢なんてできないのだからっ=You can cum if you want, you know? Fufu--, not like you can endure it anyway--
ほら、無様にお願いしなさい、射精したいですって……ね？=Come on, beg me, pathetically, "I want to cum, please"... Come on
また声が女の子みたいになってるわよ？　気持ち悪いからやめなさい=Your voice is turning girly again, you know? It's disgusting so cut it out!
またイクの？　少しは我慢強くなってもらいたいのだけど、まぁ、貴方には無理ね=Gonna cum again? Would be nice if I could get you to endure for just a little bit more, but well, I suppose that's impossible for you...
またイクわっ、お尻でイクっ=I'mma cum again--, cum from my ass--
いいわ、お尻いいっ、お尻でイカせなさいっ=Good, my ass feels so good--, make me cum from my ass--
もうアナルめちゃくちゃよ、このままイクわっ=My ass' is already such a mess, Imma cum at this rate--
お尻でこんな、何度もイキそうになるなんてっ=To think I can cum this many many times from my ass--
もっと激しくなさいっ、アナルでイキたいからっ=Put your back into it--, I wanna cum from my ass--
何度でもイカせなさいっ、アナルでイクの大好きよっ=Make me cum again and again--, I love cumming from my ass--
んあぁっ、お尻が火傷しそうよっ=nnnaaaah--, my ass feels like it's gonna burn up--
私をしっかりと絶頂させてみなさい=Make me have a good climax!
そろそろよ、アナルの奥から、大きいの来てるわっ=Almost there, a big one's coming, from the depths of my ass--
んぁっ、もう、お尻でやりたい放題じゃない=nnah--, jeez, aren't you just doing whatever you please with my ass?
そうよ、それでいいの、これが私の求めてたものっ、アナル気持ちいいわっ=That's right, It's good just like that, This is the anal pleasure--, that I've been longing for--
あぁっ、またアクメ来てる、ケツアクメ決めそうになってる=Aaah--, another orgasm's coming, an anal orgasm's coming for sure!
フフッ、またお尻でイカせてあげるわっ=Fufu--, I'll make you cum from my ass again--
はぁっ、いいっ、貴方のだらしない声を聞いていると、ゾクゾクするわ=Haaa--, So good--, Hearing your loose voice sends tingles throughout my body--
チンポ震わせ過ぎよ、みっともないわね、さっさと射精したら？=Your dick's quivering so much, it's pretty pathetic, why not cum already?
ほら、もっといい声で鳴きなさい、イキそうなんでしょ？=Come on, aren't you about to cum? Cry out more in that nice voice of yours!
言ったでしょ、全部搾り取るって、まだまだイってもらうわよっ=I told you, didn't I? I'll wring out every last bit. I'll have you cum even more for me--
どうせ我慢なんてできないでしょう？　なら回数で挽回しなさい=It's not like you can endure that much anyway, no? Make up for it with sheer numbers instead!
お尻でどれだけイケるか、試してあげるわ=I'll test for myself just how much you can cum from my ass!
イキたいならはっきり言いなさい、何度イこうが、それは同じよ=If you wanna cum, say it honestly, no matter how many we do it, you still have to say it every time!
また負けるのよ、貴方のチンポはアナルに負け続けるの=You're gonna lose again, your dick will always keep losing to my ass!
腰が引けてきたわよ？　しっかりなさい=Your hips are slowing down, you know? Do it properly!
お尻でしかイケないチンポにしてやるわっ、ほらっ、観念なさいっ=I'll make it so you won't be able to cum from anything except my ass--, Come on--, resign yourself to it--
ほらほら、気持ち悪い声で喘いで、汚い精液、吐き出しなさいっ=Come on, gasp and pant with your disgusting voice, shoot out all your filthy semen--
イクっ、あぁっ、イクわっ、またイクっ=Cumming--, Aaah--, I'm cumming--, Cumming again--
何度もされておかしくなったのかしら、貴方にイカされるなんてっ=I wonder if if I've gone crazy from how many times we've done it, to think you're able to make me cum--
チンポいいっ、チンポいいのっ、ああぁっ、最高よっ=Your dick's good--, It's so good--, Aaaah--, It's the best--
くぅっ、またイカされるなんてっ、んくっ=Kuh--, To think, I'm being made to cum again, nkuh--
ほら、もう少しよ、もう少しで私をイカせる事ができるわよっ=Come on, just a bit more, you'll be able to make me cum if you keep it up just a bit longer--
あぁっ、凄いの来たっ、ほら、イクわよっ、よく見てなさいっ=Aaaah--, A big one's coming--, Hey, I'm cumming--, Take a good look--
(恋人限定)んぅっ、下僕と一緒に、イってあげるわっ=Nnuuu--, I'll cum together with you, manservant--
(恋人限定)下僕チンポいいっ！　躾けた甲斐があったわね=Your dick's so good, manservant--! I knew it was worth training you.
(恋人限定)ほら、ご主人様が一緒にイってあげるわよっ、泣いて喜びなさいっ=Come on, your master's going out of her way to cum along with you--, show me some tears of joy--
もうお互い限界ね、一緒にイくわよっ=Both of us are at our limits, huh, come on, we're cumming together--
合わせなさい、一緒にイクのよっ=Match your rhythm with mine, we're cumming together--
同時にイクわよっ、遅れたら承知しないからっ=We're cumming together, alright--, If you mess up the timing, I won't forgive you--
イキなさい、またイクのよっ=Cum, cum again for me--
連続射精チャレンジ、イってみましょうか=Shall we have a challenge, a consecutive ejaculation challenge!
薄くなった精液吐き出しなさいっ、一滴も残す事は許さないわっ=Spit out all your thinned out semen for me--, you're not allowed to hold back even a drop--
イケ、イクのよっ、貴方の限界なんて知らないわ=Cum, you gotta cum--, I don't care whether you're at your limit or not!
ほら、誰がイカせてくれるのか、よく覚えながらイキなさいっ=Come on, cum, cum while imprinting into your mind just who is it that's making you cum--
また射精するのね、ホント我慢弱い、ダメチンポなんだからっ=Gonna cum again huh, truly such weak endurance, you've got such a bad dick--
いいわよ、出しなさい、外に撒き散らすといいわ=Sure, let it out, you can spread it everywhere outside!
早めに抜きなさい、敏感チンポじゃ、簡単にイってしまうわよ=Pull it out early, with your sensitive dick, you'll cum very easily after all!
早く外へ射精なさい、無様に滑稽に何度でも=Quickly shoot it outside, do it as many times as you want, as unsightly and comically as you can!
溜まった汚いもの、全部吐き出しなさいっ=Your bottled up filthy stuff, shoot it out all--
フフッ、また情けなく射精するとこ、見せてちょうだい=Fufu--, show me the sight of your pathetic ejaculation once again!
ホント、どれだけ出すのよ、貴方って底なしなの？=Just how much are you going to shoot out, do you have a bottomless supply of the stuff?
気持ち良すぎて、言葉も出ないのかしら？=Does it feel so good that you can't even say anything?
イクのが恥ずかしい？　でも、きちんと言わなきゃダメよ=Are you embarrassed of cumming? You have to tell me when you're about to clearly though, you shouldn't hide it!
イクのね？　息遣いでわかってるわよ。何度貴方としたと思ってるの=Gonna cum, aren't you? I can tell from the way you're breathing. Don't you know how many times we've done it together?
また勝手にイこうとしてるわね？　そういうの、私が嫌いってわかってるでしょ？=Planning to cum without telling me again, aren't you? You know that I hate that sort of stuff, right?
黙らないで、またイキそうなの、わかってるわよ=Don't be so silent, I know that you're on the edge again.
私は勝手な事をされるのが嫌いよ、わかってるわね？=I hate when people do whatever they like without telling me, you know that, right?
好きなところに出していいけど、もう悩んでいる暇は無い筈よ=You can let it out wherever you like, but I don't think you have the leeway to think over it anymore.
声も出せない程感じているの？　まったく、不甲斐ないチンポね=Does it feel so good that you can't even moan? Good grief, what a weak dick!
貴方のイク前って、ゴム付けててもわかりやすいわね=It's easy to tell when you're about to cum, even with the condom!
ゴムに感謝ね、こんなに何度も、出される事になるなんて=You're grateful to the condoms, aren't you, being able to blow your load into them this many times!
ゴムの蓄えは十分よ、好きなだけ出しなさい=We have a plentiful supply of condoms, so shoot as much as you like!
また中に出す気ね？　ゴムがなければ、大変な事になってたわ=Feel like doing it inside again, huh? Would have been quite the bother if we weren't using a condom.
ほら、ゴムなら何度出してもいいわよ=Come on, as long as we use a condom, you can do it as many times as you like!
ゴムの感触も悪くないわ、貴方の汚いモノよりマシよ=The condom's texture is not bad either, certainly better compared to your own filthy thing!
ゴム付きでも私の中に出せるのよ、感謝しながらイキなさいっ=You're still doing it in me, even if we're using a condom, so be thankful while you cum!
いいわよ、一番奥に思い切り押し付けて、大量ザーメン吐き出しなさい=Sure, go ahead, push it in all the way to the back like you mean it, and shoot out lots of your semen!
ひぐっ、お尻で、また、イグうっ=higuh--, I'm gumming, again, from my ass--
そんなにお尻、しつこくされたら、私だってイクわよっ、んぅっ=If you do my ass so relentlessly like that, even I have no choice but to cum--, Nnnn--
そうよ、チンポ思い切り押し込んで、私をケツアクメさせなさいっ、=That's right, cram in your dick with all your strength, give me an anal-orgasm--
あぁいいっ、お尻、大好きになりそうよっ=Ooohhhsogoood--, I'm going to fall in love with anal--
何度もされて、私も敏感になってる……あぁっ、お尻イクっ=With how many times we've done it, even I'm becoming more sensitive... Aah--, I'm cumming from my ass--
いいわっ、ケツ穴壊れるくらい、ぐぽぐぽに犯していいのよっ=That's perfect--, Thrust it in and out, violate my ass so much that my asshole breaks apart--
来なさいっ、お尻でも一緒にイってあげるわ=Come--, I'll cum together with you even if it's anal!
アナルとチンポ、一緒にイクわよっ、ほら、合わせてっ=We're going to cum together from my ass and your dick--, come on, match your rhythm--
ケツアクメしながら射精されるの好きなの、私の期待に、応えてみなさいっ=I love having semen pumped into me while I'm having an anal-orgasm, so answer my expectations--
もう少しよ、もう少しで、一緒にイケるからっ=Almost there, Just a bit longer, we'll cum together--
それじゃ、イキましょうか、たまには仲良くしてあげるわっ=Alright then, shall we cum? I don't mind getting along with you every so often--
またイクのね、いいわ、何度でも付き合ってあげる。私もケツアクメ、来てるわっ=Gonna cum again, huh, alright, I'll keep you company as many times as you like. I can feel an anal-orgasm coming too--
また？　そんなにお尻が気に入った？=Again? You like my ass that much?
泣いて頼むのなら、イカせてあげてもいいわ、ほら、どうするの？=I don't mind letting you cum, if you request me with tears in your eyes, come on, what'll it be?
自分で開発して負けているんだから、根っからの負け犬なのね=Losing to the very same ass that you worked hard to train into a fuckable hole, truly you are a loser dog through and through!
別にいいけど、貴方、今かなり気持ち悪いわよ=I don't particularly mind but, you're being pretty gross right now, you know?
フフッ、敏感チンポじゃ、やっぱり負けちゃったわね=Fufu--, As expected, with your sensitive dick, there's no way you wouldn't lose!
いいでしょう、敏感チンポで頑張ったみたいだからね、ご褒美をあげるわ=Why not, seems like you've worked pretty damn hard, even with how sensitive your dick is, so I'll give you a reward.
さんざん出して、まだこんなに出るのっ=You've shot out a lot already, yet you're still shooting out so much--
あら、まだ濃いじゃない、これは次も期待できるかしらっ=Oh my, It's still pretty thick, can I hope for it to be this thick next time too--
自分の精液を上書きする気分はどう？　さぞ心地よいのでしょうね=How does it feel to pour fresher stuff in? I bet it feels super pleasant, right?
熱いの出てるわっ、かなり興奮したみたいねっ=You're shooting pretty hot stuff--, looks like you got quite a bit aroused--
かなり溜めてきたみたいね、何度出しても、ぷりぷりじゃない=Looks like you had quite a lot bottled up, no matter how many times you shoot the stuff, it's still just as tender and thick!
あぁっ、何度も出されて、子宮が溢れそうだわっ=Aaah--, you've poured your stuff into it so many times, my womb feels like it's about to overflow!
勢いが衰えないわね、ゴムの膨らみ方が凄いわっ=You don't seem to be running out of vitality, the way the condom's fluffed up is amazing--
このゴムの先が膨らむ感じ、悪くないわよねっ=The feeling of the tip of the condom expanding into me, It's not bad.
チンポ脈打ってるのわかるわよ、ゴム越しでも、わかるわっ=I can feel your dick pulsating, even through the condom, I can tell--
また凄い量ね、ゴムに出すのが気に入った？=Such an amazing amount again, do you like shooting it out into the condom?
また節操なく出して……ゴムが足りなくなりそうよ=Shooting out so much unashamedly again... Feels like the condom won't be enough.
あぁ、こう何度もゴムに出されると、生でしたくなってくるわね=Aaah, shooting out so much into the condom again and again, makes you wanna do it raw, doesn’t it?
いひゅっ、来てる、お尻にまた、出てるわっ=iihyu--, it's coming, it's flowing into my ass again--
ほんと、気持ちよさそうに出すわよねぇ……そんなにアナル好き？=Truly, you're shooting it out so happily... You like anal that much?
あぐっ、薄くなったからかしら、勢いが凄いわっ=Aguh--, I wonder if it's because it's become watery, the vigour and force is amazing--
どれだけ出すのよっ、おかしいんじゃないの=How much are you going to shoot out--, Are you sure you're alright?
んぐっ、後で貴方が出したもの、まとめてひり出してあげるわ=nnguh--, later, I'll expel everything you've shot out inside me in one go.
あぁっ、奥まで流し込まれえるっ、お尻の中、全部真っ白にされるっ=Aaah--, it's going so deep inside me--, the insides of my ass, they're all being painted pure white--
んあぁぁ、いいぃっ=nnnaaaah, so good--
んぅぅっ、そうよ、これよぉぉっ=nnnuuu--, that's right, this is it--
あぁぁ、チンポ最高よぉぉっ=Aaaah, your dick's the best--
あぁっ、またっ、あぁあぁっ=Aaah--, Again--, Aaaaaaah--
んぃっ、ふぁあああんっ=Nnnn--, Fuaaaaaan--
はぁぅっ、んいぃぃんっ=Haaauu--, Nniiiinnn--
んあぁぁぁ=Nnnaaaah!
チンポいいっ、んはぁあん=your dick's so good--, nnhaaann!
イグっ、んおぉんっ=Gumming--, Nnoooonn--
ふぅぅぅっぅぅんっ=Fuuuuuuuunn---
そうよっ、それでいいのぉぉっ=That's right--, Just like thaaat--
んぎっ、ぐぅぅぅぅんっ=nngih--, guuuunn--
もう、ゴムがいくらあっても足りなそうね=Jeez, no matter how many condoms we get, they're never enough are they?
ゴム、あといくつ残ってるかしら……なくなったら貴方が買ってきなさい=Wonder how many condoms we have left... If we've run out, you'll be going to buy more.
貴方、今までどれだけゴムに出したか覚えてる？　かなりの量になってる筈よ=You have any idea how much you've shot out into condoms so far? It must be quite the amount!
ゴムを付けてイクのが得意なんて、貴方らしい特技じゃない=Having "is able to cum lots with a condom on" as your speciality, truly a fitting talent for you
ふぅ、気持ちよくイケたわね、ゴムのおかげかしら=Fuu, you sure had a good orgasm, I wonder if it was thanks to the condom?
また豪快に出したわねぇ、ゴムが可哀相になってくるわ=You shot out a hearty amount again, I almost feel bad for the condom...
生だからって出し過ぎよ、そんなに嬉しかった？=Just because we're doing it raw, you shot way too much, were you really that happy?
一緒にイケるなんてね、敏感チンポでは無理だと思っていたわ=Cumming together like this, I thought it would have been impossible with how sensitive your dick is.
尿道に残った精液、吸い出してあげましょうか？　それとも抜かずにもう一回？=Shall I suck out the leftover semen in your urethra? Or do you wanna go one more round without pulling out?
んぅ、精液の感触が生々しくて、何とも言えない感じね=Nnn, the texture and sensation of your semen, it's so lively-feeling, it's an indescribable feeling!
また凄い量を出したわね、お腹が張ってきた気がするわ=You shot out an amazing amount again, I feel like my belly's all swollen up.
フフッ、何度も一緒にイキたがって、変なのに懐かれたものね=Fufu--, Wanting to cum together so many times, even though it's weird, you can't help it, can you?
私は気持ち良ければよかったのに、まさか子作りさせられるとはね=I was fine with just getting pleasure from this, but to think I'd ever get knocked up...
女の幸せ、ねぇ……そういうのも考えたら面白いのかしら=A woman's happiness, huh... Wonder if it'd be fun to think about that sort of stuff too?
結婚は人生の墓場らしいから、貴方が墓石になりなさい、私がその上に座るわ=Since they say that marriage is the graveyard of life, you should be the gravestone, be the seat that I'll sit upon!
できる時はできるのだから、心配しても仕方ないわ、そうでしょ？=Worrying won't solve anything, we'll just have to take things one step at a time, do things as they need to be done, no?
これで一生、貴方は私の奴隷よ、もう逃げられなくなってしまったわね、フフッ=With this, you're my slave for life, now you have nowhere to run away to, Fufu--
中出し、きちんと考えての事なんでしょうね？　私の要求は今より厳しくなるわよ=Aren't creampies something that should be done after careful thought? My demands are only going to get more severe from now on, you know?
セックス、得意なのね。性奴隷にするには丁度いいわ=You're good at sex, aren't you. Just perfect, I'll make you into my sex slave!
フフッ、他の女なら、もうとっくに落ちているのでしょうね、でも私は違う=Fufu--, if it was any other girl, they probably would have fallen in your hands by now, but I'm different!
随分頑張ってるようじゃない、どんなご褒美が欲しいの？　言ってごらんなさい=You've worked rather hard, what kind of a reward would you like? Don't be shy, try telling me.
何度イカされても、従順になったりしないわよ=No matter how many times you make me cum, I'm not going to suddenly become docile, you know?
私を気持ちよくさせるために飼っているのだから、イカせるのは当然よ=I keep you around so that you can make me feel good, so you making me cum is natural!
フフッ、よくできました。花丸を描いてあげましょうか？　顔にでっかく、消えないように=Fufu--, good job. Shall I paint a gold star on your face? One really big, in permanent marker?
これだけすると、しばらく戻らなそうね……=If you do it this hard, I don't think it'll recover for the time being...
貴方も大分慣れてきたようね、情けなく喘いでいた頃が懐かしいわ=Looks like you've gotten more skilled too, I miss the days when you breathed really rough and pathetically while doing it...
貴方、アナル奴隷に改名してあげましょうか？=Shall we have your name changed to "Anal slave"?
拡がったお尻で過ごすってどんな感じかしら、少し興味があるわね=I wonder how it feels to spend time with a spread-out ass, I'm a bit curious...
すっかり私のお尻の虜になったみたいね、いい傾向よ=Looks like you've thoroughly become a slave to my ass, it's a good sign.
早く貴方の尻も調教したいわねぇ、色々と考えてるのよ？=Gotta break in your ass soon too, I'm thinking of quite a few ways, you know?
お尻はダメね、少し乱れ過ぎるわ=Anal's no good, I get a bit too chaotic with it.
はぁ、イッた、お尻でイったわよ。何か文句があるの？=Haa, I came, I came from my ass. Got a problem?
はぁ、何度もイカされて、アナルのシワが無くなるくらい緩んでいそうね……=Haa, making me cum again and again, feels like it's becoming so loose that the creases in my anus are disappearing.
何なのもう、お尻ばっかりして、変態っ=What's with you, always anal, you pervert--
フフッ、そう、手加減なしという事ね、それでいいのよ=Fufu--, that's right, don't hold back, it's fine just like that.
ふぅん、お尻とはいえ、やるじゃないの、私も少し、本気を出さないといけないかしら=Hmmm, while it's anal, you're still doing pretty well, gotta put in some real effort myself too, huh?
はぁ、私達、ゴム会社に貢献し過ぎね=Haa, we contribute way too much towards the condom manufacturers!
私のマンコ、ゴムくさくなってたりしないかしら……ちょっと心配ね=I wonder if my pussy's gonna start smelling of condoms... I'm a bit worried...
持ち歩くゴムの数を増やさないとね……一箱でも足りないかしら……=Looks like I'll have to increase the amount of condoms I carry around... Even a box might not be enough...?
流石に息を整えるのに時間がかかるわね……んっ、その間にゴム付け替えておきなさい=It takes a while even just to catch your breath huh... Nn--, swap out the condom in the meantime.
使ったゴムは、貴方が全部処理するのよ、わかってるわね=You're the one who has to take care of all the used up condoms, got it?
さて、あとどれくらいできそうなの？　最後まで付き合ってあげるから、安心なさい=Now then, how much longer can you hold out? I'll keep you company till the very end, so don't worry.
あら、しおれてきてるわよ？　もう限界？=Oh my, it's drooping, you know? At your limit?
ほら、もっとするわよ……早く息を整えなさい……んぅっ、はぁっ……=Come on, we're doing more... catch your breath quickly... Nnn--, Haa--...
中でまだ跳ねてるわよ？　まったく、性欲の塊みたいね=It's still so lively inside me. Good grief, you're like sexual-drive, personified!
もっとしてもいいけれど……少し休憩ね……=I don't mind doing more but... Let's take a small break...
少し余韻に浸りましょ……今はそういう気分なのよ=Let's bask in the afterglow for a bit... Right now I'm in that kind of a mood.
私のマンコはどうだった？　何度味わっても、飽きさせないでしょ？=How was my pussy? No matter how many times you get to enjoy it, it doesn't bore you, does it?
ふぅ、お腹が大きくならないうちに、色々と済ませておかないとね……=Fuu, I'll have to deal with various things, before my belly gets too big...
薄いのを出したら逆効果かもしれないわよ？　前に出したのも薄まって……とか？=If you shoot out watery stuff, it might have the opposite effect, you know? Like the stuff you shot in before getting watery too... and whatnot?
確実に孕むまでするわよ、危険日に許すっていう事は、そういう意味なんだから=We're going to do it until I get pregnant for sure, when a girl lets you do it raw on an unsafe day, that's the kind of thing she's going for.
貴方、汗が凄いわよ、汗臭い精子で妊娠なんて……最悪ね=You're sweating up quite the storm, being impregnated by semen that reeks of sweat... It's the worst!
これだけ出されて孕まなかったら、貴方、一生子供は作れないでしょうね=If I don't get pregnant even when you're shooting out this much, you probably will never be able to have kids, ever!
お腹が大きくなってもセックスはできるらしいわ、色々とまた楽しめそうね=Seems like we can have sex even if my belly swells up, looks like we can still enjoy quite a few things...
ちょっと調子に乗らせ過ぎたわね、次は私の番よ=Looks like I let you get a bit too carried away, it's my turn next!
んぅ、こうもイカされ続けると、少し腹立たしいわね……=Nn--, It's a bit irritating, being made to cum again and again like this...
一緒にイってもいいのよ？　貴方が頑張ったのは、認めてあげるから=I don't mind cumming together you know? I'm not so thoughtless as you ignore how hard you've worked.
私だけイクなんておかしいわ。貴方、もしかして不感症？=It's weird that only Im the one cumming. Are you asexual by any chance?
貴方、もしかして出なくなった？　勝手に壊れられても困るわ=Are you perhaps unable to dish it out? It'll be quite a bother for me if you go and break it by yourself!
フッ、ここまでされれば文句も出ないわ、ご褒美をあげたいくらいよ=Hah, I can't even complain if you can do it this well, I almost want to give you a reward!
このヒリヒリするの、どれくらい続くのかしら……=This stinging pain, how long is going to go on for, I wonder...
今晩は、お尻が熱くて眠れなそうね、フフフッ=With how hot my ass is, I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight, Fufufu--
貴方のチンポは私のもの、私のアナルは貴方のもの、そういう事にしてあげてもいいわ=Your dick being mine, and my ass being yours, I don't mind that sort of an arrangement.
ん……お尻が熱いわ=Nn... My ass is really hot!
これだけすると、お尻は排泄するためのものだって忘れそうね=If we do it this much, I feel like I'll forget that assholes are actually made for shitting!
貴方、性欲を持て余し過ぎよ、いつになったら萎えるのかしら？　フフッ=Your sex drive is just way too big, just when are you going to wither? Fufu--
お尻でイクのも、そのうち普通になりそうね=Feel like it's only a matter of time before cumming from my ass becomes completely normal for me.
よかったわね、アナルでも私に勝てなかったら、貴方何もないもの=I'm glad, if you were unable to score a victory over me even with Anal, you truly would be worthless!
次はマンコにしましょうか……お尻ばかりでも、飽きるでしょう？=Shall we do it in my pussy next... If we keep doing anal every time, it'll become boring, no?
私、お尻が弱いのかしら……貴方が上手いって事は、ないわよね？=Is Anal my weakspot or something... It certainly cannot be that you're good at this, can it?
弱点の一つくらい、あった方が可愛いでしょう？　ん？　なぁに？　何か文句がある？=Isn't it cute to have atleast one weakpoint? Hmm? Whaaat? Got a complaint?
そろそろ終わりにする？　貴方、出なくなってきたみたいだし=Shall we put an end to this soon? You look like you can't keep it up either...
何回もゴムに出して、楽しいの？=Is it fun, to shoot it in the condom again and again?
なんか変な痙攣の仕方してるわよ？　無理はいいけど、無茶はやめておきなさい=It's twitching in a really weird way, you know? I don't mind if you force yourself but stop being rash!
もういいかしら？　貴方だけ勝手にイっているから、飽きてきたわ=Have you had your fill yet? Since you're just doing it by yourself now, I've gotten really bored!
ゴムにでも、出せるだけありがたいと思いなさい=Even if you're using a condom, be thankful that you get to do it inside me at all!
はいはい、頑張ってるのはわかったわよ、ただ、実力不足ね=Yes yes, I know you're trying your best, just, your best is kinda lacking!
同じ事を何回やっても無駄よ、負け犬チンポなんだから=No matter how many times you do the same thing, it's useless, a shitty dick is a shitty dick!
大分薄くなったんじゃない？　そろそろやめ時かしら=Hasn't it become rather thin and watery? Maybe we should wrap this up?
まさか血の混じった精液なんて出してないわよね？　限界は自分で判断しなさい=You're not going to shoot out semen mixed with blood, are you? Judge your own limits yourself!
まだ大きさは保ってるみたいだけど、できるの？　できないの？=It's still pretty big and hard but, can you do it? can you?
貴方は中出しできて満足かもしれないけれど、私の疼きはどうしてくれるの？=You might be satisfied being able to cum inside me, but what are you going to do about my pain and agony?
もう体に力が入らないでしょ？　この状態で苛めるの、楽しいのよねぇ=Can't find strength in your body, can you? It's fun, isn't it, to bully someone while in such a state?
いいわよね、マンコに吐き出すだけで気持ちよくなれて、こっちはイケなくて気持ち悪いわ=It's pretty great, isn't it, being able to feel so good from cumming inside me, I myself feel like shit since I wasn't able to cum!
出す時、子宮の入口に擦り付けたでしょ？　どこまで必死なのかしら=When you were cumming, you rubbed against the entrance of my womb, didn't you? Just how desperate are you?
後で精子は掻き出しておくわ、こんなに弱いオスの子なんて、産みたくないもの=I'll scrape out all the sperm later, I don't want to have the kids of a pig this weak!
何故勝手にイクの？　ここまでダメだと、怒る気も失せるわね=Why did you cum all by yourself? You're so worthless, I don't even feel like getting angry at this point!
もういいでしょ？　こんな弱々しい精子じゃ、何度出しても無駄よ=Haven't you had enough yet? With semen this weak, no matter how many times you shoot it out, it's pointless!
期待外れもいいところね、一人でイクなんて、信じられないわ=You sure picked the perfect place to let me down, cumming by yourself, I seriously can't believe you!
子作りの時くらい、しっかりして欲しいものね、がっかりだわ=I wanted you to do this properly, atleast when we were making babies, what a disappointment!
ゴムくらい自分で付け変えなさい、私はやらないわよ=Learn to atleast change the condom yourself, I'm not doing it!
ゴムに出すってどういう感じなの？　私に話してみなさい=How does it feel do shoot it out into a condom? Try describing it to me!
そろそろ限界みたいね、ゴムが全然膨らんでないもの、もう出し切ったのよ=Looks like you're reaching your limits, the condom's not expanding at all, looks like you've shot out everything you had already!
ゴムがあっても、それなりに満足はできたわね=Even with the condom, it was satisfying in its own way...
ん？　少し精液の量が減ったかしら？　どうなの？=Hmm? Hasn't the amount of semen decreased a bit? What's going on with you?
ゴムがなくなるか、貴方が倒れるか、どっちが早いかしらね、フフッ=Will we run out of condoms, or will you collapse, I wonder which one of them will win out, Fufu--
(恋人限定)下僕のくせに生で中出しなんて、生意気なのよ=Doing it raw even though you're just a manservant, how cheeky!
(恋人限定)主に中出しした気分はどう？　正直に言ってみなさい=How does it feel to creampie your master? Tell me honestly!
(恋人限定）ほら、下僕。まだできるでしょう？　ご主人様は満足してないわよ=Come on, Manservant. You can keep going, right? Your master's not satisfied yet!
生はいいわね、貴方の汚い精子でも、出されると感じてしまうわ=Raw sex is pretty good, even if it's your filthy semen, having it poured into me still feels good!
あまりやり過ぎても、マンコに精液の匂いが残りそうね、それは遠慮したいわ=If we overdo it, the smell of your semen's gonna linger in my pussy, I'd like to avoid that if I can!
さて、次はどうしようかしらね、このまま抜かずに、ずっとしてもいいわよ？=Now then, what shall we do next, I don't mind if we keep going like this, without you pulling out...
早く抜きなさい、さんざん出したのだから、見苦しいわよ=Quickly pull out, you've already shot everything, it's hard to watch!
これからどうしましょうかねぇ……あぁ、今後の事よ？　セックスの続きじゃないわ=What shall we do after this... Aah, I'm talking about the future, not about more sex!
何度も出すのはやめておきなさい、一人でも苦手なのに、双子なんて出来たら手に負えないわ=Stop shooting your stuff again and again, just a single child would be trouble enough, let alone twins.
パパ、お父さん……無いわね。貴方は給料袋くらいで丁度いいわ=Papa, "Father"... Yeah, that's not happening. All you're good for is the monthly paycheque
貴方、妊婦はイケるの？　自分で言うのもアレだけど、私、性欲強いわよ=You sure you can deal with a pregnant woman? My sexual drive is nothing to scoff at, if I do say so myself...
子供のものは私が選ぶわ。貴方に任せたら、ダサ過ぎて可哀相ですもの=I'll be the one picking out everything for our kids. If I leave it to you, it'll all be so tacky I'll feel bad for them.
(恋人限定)私をイカせたわね、フフッ、下僕のくせに、やるじゃない=You managed to make me cum, Fufu--, pretty good work for a manservant, way to go!
(恋人限定)そうよ、主人を満足させるのが貴方の役目、弁えてるじゃない=That's right, it's your duty to satisfy your master, looks like you understand!
(恋人限定)ちゃんと私の身体をわかっているようね、下僕としての自覚が出てきたようで、喜ばしいわ=Looks like you've properly figured out how my body works, seeing your self-awareness as a manservant finally emerge makes me so happy!
んー、物足りないわね、イカせればいいってものじゃないのよ=Nn--, It's still not enough, It's not good enough to make me cum just yet!
貴方だってもう限界でしょ？　似たり寄ったりよ=You should be at your limit already too, no? I'm much the same...
フフッ、調子が良さそうじゃない。その勢いがどこまで持つか、試してあげる=Fufu--, You're doing well. Let's see just how long you can keep up that vigour for though!
明日……トイレに呼ぶかもしれないわ、その時はすぐに来なさい=Tomorrow... I might call you from the toilet, if I do, come to me immediately!
排泄物が太くなったら貴方のせいよ、責任は取ってもらうからね=If my shit becomes fat and thick, it'll be your fault, I'll have you take responsibility, so prepare yourself!
慣れればアナルの方が気持ちいいなんて嘘だと思っていたけれど、本当だったわね=I thought it was a lie, the whole "Anal feels better than regular sex once you get used to it", but it turned out to be true
もうオナラをしただけでも感じそうね……むぅ……=I feel like I can feel pleasure just from farting now... Muu...
お尻の中、どうなってるのかしら……流石にやり過ぎた気もするわ……=I wonder what my ass's insides are like, right now... I feel like we really overdid it a bit...
一度抜きなさい……ちょっとお腹が、まずい感じよ……んんっ……=Pull it out for a moment... My belly feels a bit unpleasant... Nnn--...
んあっ、まだこんなに出るの？　本当に壊れても知らないわよ？=nnahh--, You're still shooting out so much? If it really does end up breaking, don't blame me, okay?
少し薄くなったみたいだけど、臭さは相変わらずね=Feels like it became a bit more watery than before, but it smells just as bad as before!
そらそらイキなさいっ、潮吹きみたいに射精しなさいっ=Cum all sparklingly--, Squirt it out like a girl--
んぅっ、もう辺り一帯、精液の匂いがこもってるわ=Nnuuu--, the smell of semen, it's spreading everywhere!
射精見せられると、無性に苛めたくなるのよね=When I see you ejaculate, I get an almost irressistable urge to torment and tease you!
ぢゅる、チンポ美味しそうね……次はしゃぶらせなさいよ……ね？=*Jyuru*, Your dick looks so delicious... Let's do oral next... alright?
んぅっ、くっさい、精液の匂いで、むせそうだわ……えほっ=Nnnn--, stinky, I feel like I'll choke, on the smell of your semen... eho--
もうチンポ痛くなってるんじゃないの？　んぅ？=Doesn't your dick hurt yet? Hmm?
射精した後のチンポが一番苛め甲斐があるのよ……私が奉仕してあげるわ、フフッ=It really is worth teasing your post-ejaculation dick... I'll service it for you, Fufu--
ちょっと出し過ぎじゃない？　先っぽが真っ赤になってるわよ？=Haven't you shot a bit too much? The tip's turning deep red, you know.
大変ね、チンポが赤く腫れてるわ、舐めて治してあげましょうか？=Not good, your dick's swollen red, shall I lick and heal it?
流石にもう無理そうかしら？　後は私に任せてもいいのよ？=Is it really too hard for you to go on? You can leave the rest to me, you know?
あぁっ、また垂れて……んぅっ=Aaah--, It's oozing out again... Nn--.
はいっ、貴方が出したものよ、よく見ておきなさい=Look, this is what you shot out, take a good look!
指ですくって舐めてもいいわよ？　勿体ないでしょう？=Doesn't it feel like such a waste? You can scoop some with your fingers and lick it up if you want.
何度も出して……くんっ……=Shooting it out again and again... kun--...
あまり近くで見ないっ、お尻で踏みつけるわよ=Don't stare too closely, I'll crush you with my butt!
アナルから下品な音が出てるわ、んっ、顔を近付けなさい、オナラしてあげる=A vulgar sound's coming from my ass, Nn--, bring your face closer, I'll fart on it for you!
（開始時台詞）少しでも私に傷を付けてみなさい、このフェンスが焼き豚用の網に変わるわよ=Try bruising me, even a little bit, and I'll turn this fence into a skewer for roasting pig!
その無駄に大きくしたモノ、早く私に寄越しなさい=That pointlessly swollen up thing of yours, quickly hand it over to me.
フフッ、私に食べられそうで怖い？=Fufu--, Scared of being eaten up by me?
私が好きなように動いて、イカせてあげる=I'll move as I want, and make you cum.
ボケっとしてるなら、勝手に入れるわよ？　いきなり射精しても知らないから=If you're going to keep being idle like that, I'll put it in myself, alright? Don't blame me if you come instantly.
私に食べられる事を光栄に思いなさい=Be honoured, that you get to be eaten up by me
さぁ、入れるわよ、覚悟はいい？=Alright, I'm putting it in, have you prepared yourself?
あぁ、自分から、こんな汚いモノを入れるなんてっ=Aaah, to think I'm putting this filthy thing inside me myself--
こんなにチンポビキビキにして、偉いわね、さぁ、私のマンコで狂いなさい=It's twitching so much, what a good dick, come, go insane from my pussy.
ほら、貴方を苛めてくれる、大好きマンコが包み込むわよ=Here, your beloved pussy with wrap around you, torment you.
んぅっ、チンポ、奥まで飲み込んでいるわ=Nnnu--, Your cock, It's going so deep, all the way to the back!
入れる前より大きくなってるの、わかるわよ。フフッ、早く動いて欲しい？=It's bigger than it was when I put it in, I can tell. Fufu--, Want me to move already?
奥までしっかり入ってるわよ、このままずっと硬くしていなさい=It's properly in, all the way to the back. Stay hard like this for the whole time.
さぁて、どう動いてやろうかしら、貴方のモノを、苛め尽くしてあげるわ=Now then, how shall I move? Ill torment your dick to death.
今更攻守交替とはいかないわよ？　貴方のチンポは、負けてしまう運命なの=You're not going to be able to take the offense now, you know? Your dick is fated to lose.
どう？　なかなかの締め付けでしょう？　このまま動かなくても、チンポイっちゃうんじゃない？=How is it? Quite tight, no? Even if I don't move, won't you just cum like this?
中のヒダが絡みついてるでしょう？　私の全身が、貴方を苛めたがってるのよ=The creases are coiling around you, no? My whole body wants to torment you.
もっとよ、もっと大きくしなさい、一番興奮が高まったところで、思いっきり擦り上げてあげるわ=Bigger, make it even bigger, I'll rub and squeeze you out when you're at your most aroused, with all my being
ほら、抜いてあげたわよ？　最後にひっかかるのが、なかなか気持ちいいわね=Here, I pulled it out for you. Being held back right at the end feels pretty good, doesn't it?
貴方のモノ、私の愛液まみれになってるわよ？=Your thing's completely drenched in my lovejuices.
じゃあ、これで終わりね？　フフッ、何て言ったら、どうするかしら？=Then, we're wrapping it up here, right? Fufu--, If I actually said that, what would you do?
ほら、抜けちゃったわよ？　これからどうする気？=Hey, it's fallen out, you know? What do you feel like doing now?
出し入れする時が一番刺激が強いのよ？　変な時にイカないようにしなさい=The stimulation is at its most intense when pistoning like that, you know? Make sure you don't cum at a weird time.
あはっ、少し動かしただけでビクビクしちゃって、貴方、今かなり情けない状態よ=Aha--, twitching so much just from a little bit of movement, you look rather pathetic right now, you know?
ゆっくりされると、チンポにキクでしょう？　んっふふ、たっぷり時間をかけて、味わってあげる=If I do it slowly, you can really feel it in your dick, right? nnfufu, I'll take my time and slowly savour it
ほらっ、チンポくらいしか取り柄がないんだからっ、私のマンコを満足させてみなさいっ=Come on--, you have nothing going for you besides your dick--, so try making atleast my pussy satisfied--
はぁ、いい感じにほぐれてきたわ、まだまだこれからよ、気合を入れ直しなさい=Haa, It's loosened up nice and well, the real thing starts from here, so get some of your fire back.
あぁぁ、チンポ美味しっ、マンコでゆっくり食べるの、最高だわぁっ……=Aaaaa, your dick's so tasty--, slowly eating it up with my pussy, it's the best--...
どう？　これだけ早くすれば、んぅっ、すぐにイっちゃいそうでしょう？=How is it? If I do it this fast, Nnnn--, you'll hit your limit in no time, no?
ほら、愚図な貴方の変わりに、私が早く動いてあげてるのよっ、感謝なさいっ=Come on, because you're such a dullard, I'm going out of my way to move fast for you--, Be thankful--
あはっ、中でチンポが跳ねてるわっ、やっぱり自分から動ける方が楽しいわねっ=Aha--, It's going so wild inside me--, As I thought, it's a lot more fun when I move by myself--
はぁ、いいわぁ、もっといい声で鳴きなさい、私はまだまだ満足してないわよっ=Haa, So good, cry out even more, I'm still not satisfied you know--
女に好き放題される気持ちはどう？　フフッ、貴方はこういう方が好きでしょ？=How does it feel, for a girl to do whatever she pleases to you? Fufu--, You prefer it like this, no?
どうしたの？　女の子みたいによがっちゃって？　随分弱々しくなっちゃったじゃない=What's up? Feeling satisfied like a girl does? You've become rather soft and girly, haven't you?
んふっ、どこを触ろうと、私の主導権は揺らがないわよ？=nnfu--, no matter where you touch, my domination won't be shaken up, you know?
そうよ、黙ってされてるだけじゃなくて、少しは私を楽しませてみなさい=That's right, don't be just like a dead fish, show me a good time.
好きに弄って、私を気持ちよくしなさい、上手くできたら、ご褒美をあげるわっ=Grope as you like, make me feel good, if you do it well, I'll give you a reward--
んぅっ、こら、せめてもの反撃というわけ？　いいわよ、みっともなくあがきなさい=Nnn--, Hey, trying to fight back? Go ahead, struggle, disgracefully struggle.
そうよ、ピストンは私に任せて、貴方は他のところで感じさせてみなさい=That's right, leave the pistoning to me, focus on making me feel good from another place.
はぁっ、チンポめちゃくちゃにしてあげるわ、私に壊してもらえるなら、本望でしょう？=Haa--, I'll completely mess up your dick, isn't having your dick broken by me your dream?
ほらほら、もっと色々頑張らないと、チンポすぐに負けちゃうわよ？=Come on, if you don't try harder than that, your dick's gonna lose out in no time, you know?
くぁっ、貴方のモノ、全部飲み込んでやったわ=Kuah--, I've swallowed up the whole of your thing
あぁっ、もっと硬く、もっと大きくなさいっ、私が気持ちよく、動けるようにっ=Aaah--, become even bigger, even harder--, so that I can move even more comfortably--, and feel even better--
ゆっくりすると、マンコのヒダ一つ一つが絡み付いてくるでしょう？　んっふっ、どこまで耐えられえるかしら？=If I do it slowly, each and every crease in my pussy wraps around your dick, doesn't it? nnfuu--, Just how long will you be able to hold on, I wonder?
あぁっ、いい角度を見つけたわっ、このまま激しくすれば、私もイケそうよっ=Aaah--, I've found a good angle--, If I keep going at it like this, I'll reach my limit too--
いいわっ、この感じ最高っ、貴方を犯してるって感じがするわっ=This is great--, This feeling is the best--, I feel like I'm violating you--
あぁっ、いいわ、子宮まで、チンポの先が届いてるわっ…このまま堪えてみせなさい=Aaah--, So good, the tip of your dick's hitting against my womb--... Just like this, keep enduring it
はぁ,いいっ,脈打ってる限界チンポ苛めるの最高っ,これはマンコにキクわっ=Haa, Good--, tormenting your pulsating edging dick is the best--, my pussy feels so good--
子宮で吸い付かれるの、最高でしょ？　ほら、もっとグリグリしてあげるっ=Being sucked on by my womb, feels the best, doesn't it? Here, I'll grind against it even more--
あらあら、すっかり可愛くなっちゃって、縮こまって腰を震わせてる貴方、最高に情けないわよぉっ=Oh my, you've become so thoroughly adorable, curling up and quivering your hips like that, it's the most pathetic look ever--
んっ、手持ち無沙汰になったのかしら？　生意気ね、貴方はされるがままになってればいいのよ=Nn--, bored because you don't know what to do? So cheeky, you just have to lie there and lemme do stuff to you
ほらほら、なんとか私の気持ちいいところを攻めないと、このままやられっぱなしよ？=Come on, if you don't figure out how to attack my sensitive spots, you're going to keep losing like this, you know?
あぁ、いいわ、全部気持ちいい、もっと色々、弄ってみなさい=Aaah, So good, It all feels so good, grope around even more
必死に弄ってきて、可愛いわねっ。でも、手加減はしてあげないわっ=Groping around that frantically, so cute--. But I won't take it easy on you just because of that--
んふっ、なり振り構ってる余裕はないわよ、全力で抵抗してみなさい、私はそれを全部潰してあげる=nnfu--, you don't have the leeway to care about your appearance, resist with all your might, I'll crush all of it for you
こらっ、こっちが動いてあげてるからって、調子に乗らないっ=Hey--, Just because I'm moving, doesn't mean you can get carried away--
チンポに集中していなくて大丈夫なの？　油断してると、すぐにイカせるわよっ=You sure you don't need to focus on your dick? If you let your guard down, I'll make you cum in no time--
余計な事はしなくていいわ、私にされるがまま、気持ちよくなってなさい=You don't need to do anything needless, just lie there and feel good
些細な抵抗のつもりかしら？　何をやっても無駄よ、結局貴方のチンポは負けるの=Trying to pointlessly resist? No matter what you do, it is useless, your dick's going to lose in the end
私の集中を乱してるつもり？　つまらない抵抗はやめなさい=Trying to break my concentration? Stop with that trivial resistance
情けなく喘いでるだけじゃなくて、もっとしっかり、唇を重ねなさい=Don't just pathetically pant like that, properly put your lips on mine
んぁっ、予想以上に気持ちいいわねっ、私がイクまで、射精してはダメよっ=nnah--, Feels better than I expected--, You musn't ejaculate, until I cum--
はぁ,凄いわ,気持ちいいところ,全部当たってる,貴方のチンポ,苛め甲斐があるわ=Haa, Amazing, It's hitting every single good spot of mine, it really is worth playing with your dick.
いいわ、子宮下りてきてる、チンポ咥えて、離したくないって言ってるわ=So good, my womb, it feels like it's being pulled out, it's holding onto your dick, like it doesn't want to let go.
ほら、イってあげるわ、貴方はどうか知らないけれど、私は気持ちよくなってるから=Here, I'll cum for you, I'm not sure about you but I feel really good
んぁぁ、もうイキそうよ、一緒にイカせて欲しいなら、きちんとおねだりしなさい=nnaahh, I feel like I'm about to cum, if you want me to let you cum together with me, then properly ask for it.
このまま動き続ければ、ん、気持ちよくイケそうだわ……チンポ頑張りなさい=If we keep going like this, Nn, I feel like I'll have a really good orgasm... Keep enduring.
さて、そろそろ本気でイクわよ、貴方のモノを使って、イってあげるっ=Now then, I'm going to cum for real, I'll cum, by using your thing--
中いいわっ、チンポゴリゴリして、ぎゅうぎゅうに締めながら、イキそうになってるわ=Feels so good inside me--, while holding on tightly to your rock hard dick, I'm approaching my climax.
さぁ、そろそろイクわよっ、一緒に射精してもいいけど、私より一瞬でも遅らせなさいっ=Come, I'm almost about to cum--, I don't mind if you cum together with me, but don't be even a moment late than me--
あぁ、良い所に当たってるわっ、このまま最後まで、ずっと大きくしているのよっ=Aaah, It's hitting a good place--, keep being rock hard like this, all the way to the end--
貴方もイっていいわよ、私は好きな時にイクから、合わせなさい=You can cum too, I'm going to cum when I like, so match me
あぁ、貴方の肉バイブ、最高じゃない、ほら、褒めてあげてるんだから、もっと嬉しそうに鳴きなさい=Aaah, your meat vibrator's the best thing ever, come on, I'm praising you, so cry out more happily.
なに？　もうイキそうなの？　女を満足させないうちにイクなんて、最低よ？=What? About to cum already? Cumming before satisfying the girl, it's the worst thing ever, you know?
あぁぁ、来てるわ、いいのが来てる、少しでも小さくしたら、許さないわよっ=Aaah, It's coming, a good one's coming, if you become even a bit less hard, I won't forgive you--
はぁぁ、マンコイクっ、チンポ好き放題に犯しながら、マンコイクわっ=Haa, cumming from my pussy--, while violating your dick as I like, I'm going to cum from my pussy--
んぐっ、アクメ来てる、すっごいの来てるわっ、思い切り締め付けて、チンポ潰してあげるわっ=nnguh--, an orgasm's coming, an amazing one's coming--, I'll clamp down as hard as I can, and crush your dick for you--
んあっ、このままイクわっ、最後まで、きちんと付き合いなさいっ=nnah--, Imma cum, properly keep me company, till the very end--
ほら、自分のチンポは使えるって、私に証明しなさい。いつまでも肉バイブ扱いは、嫌でしょうっ=Come on, prove to me that you can use your dick. You don't want to be treated like a meat vibrator forever, do you--
しっかり、私のタイミングに合わせるのよっ=Match my timing properly, got it?--
イク寸前まで挿れててあげる、限界まで溜めて、一気に外に出すのよっ=I'll let you keep it in till you're just at your limit, hold on till the very end, then shoot it all out outside in one go--
んぅっ、良かったわ……貴方はイケなかったみたいね？　フフッ、残念=Nnnu--, that was so good... Looks like you couldn't cum, huh? Fufu--, Too bad.
んふっ、中で震えっぱなしよ？　貴方もイカせて欲しいの？　なら、どうすればいいか、わかるわね？=nfu--, it's trembling inside me ceaselessly. You want me to let you cum too? Then, you know what you need to do, right?
あぁぁ,やっぱりされるより,する方がいいわねぇ,かなりヤリ応えがあったわぁ=Aaaah, As I thought, rather than having it done to you, doing it feels way better. It was worth doing it, so satisfying.
ふぅ、いい感じでイケたわ……あら、貴方はまだなの？　ふぅん、そう=Fuu, What a good orgasm... Oh, you still haven't cum? Hmmm, I see.
いいチンポに仕上がってきてるじゃない、これも私の調教の賜物ね=It's turned into quite a nice cock, I imagine this too is a fruit of my harsh training of you.
はぁぁ、マンコが幸せで震えてるわ、このまま抜かずに、ずっと続けたくなってきたわね=Haaa, my pussy's quivering so happily, I feel like continuing on like this, without pulling it out, don't you?
私がイクまで、よく頑張ったわ、それでこそ私の性奴隷よ=Good work, holding on till I climaxed, that's why you're my sex slave.
ほら、出しちゃったんだから、早くゴムを取り替えなさい。どうせまた、すぐに出す事になるんだから=Come on, now that it's out, quickly change out the condom. You're going to hit your limit in no time again anyway
私にされるの、そんなに気持ち良かった？　貴方が出したもの、溢れそうよ=Did it feel that good, to have it done by me? The stuff you shot in me, I feel like it's gonna overflow.
ゴムの感触も悪くないわね、十分イケるじゃない=The condom's texture isn't all that bad, works pretty well
中出し練習ご苦労様、フフッ……いいチンポね、これからも愛用してあげる=Good work on the creampie practice, Fufu--... What a nice dick, I look forward to using it even more.
このままじっとしてたら、孕む確率は上がるのかしら？　んふっ、今更後悔しても遅いわよ=If we stay put like this, will the chance of me getting pregnant increase? nnfu--, even if you regret it, it's too late now.
わかる？　まだ中がピクピクしているでしょう？　女の絶頂はね、男よりずっと長いのよ=Can you tell? My insides are still twitching, no? You know, a girl's orgasm, it lasts a lot longer than a boy's.
あらあら、まだ大きいままじゃない、今日はチンポ痛くて泣いちゃうまで、離してあげないわよ=Oh my, you're still so big, I won't let you go today, not until your dick cries out from pain.
貴方のモノ、悪くなかったわ。これからも可愛がってあげる=Your thing, it didn't feel bad. I'll torment it even more from now.
はぁ、よかったわぁ……このままずっと、挿れていたくなってしまうわね……=Haa, it was great... I feel like having it stay in me forever...
さて、次よ次、まだまだ嬲り足りないわ=Now then, let's go for another round, I've still not had my fill of tormenting you
そう簡単には終わらないわよ、まだまだヤりたりないわ=I won't let this be over so easily, I've still not had enough
大きいチンポみーつけた、んふっ、いただいちゃおうかしら=Found a biiig dick, nfuu--, shall I gobble it up?
ちゃんと勃たせておきなさい、私がいつでも挿れられるようにね=Keep that boner up, so that I can take it in at any and all times.
はぁっ、いくわよっ=Haa--, Here I come--
んふっ、私の責めに、次はどれくらい耐えられるかしら？=nnfu--, I wonder just how long you'll be able to withstand my torture in the next round?
もう完全に火が点いたわ、私が鎮まるまで、チンポで相手してもらうから=The fire inside me has been completely lit, I'll have your dick keep me company, until I feel satisfied.
さぁっ、まだまだこれからよっ=Come now, we're still not done--
マンコに挿れて欲しいなら、ゴムくらい自分で付けなさい=If you want to stick it in my pussy, atleast have the thoughtfullness to put the condom on yourself.
ほら、敏感チンポ焦らされると辛いでしょう？　みっともなく泣いちゃいそう？=Hey, isn't it rough when I tease your sensitive cock like this? Feel like crying out pathetically?
少し休ませてあげるわ。フフッ、マンコの中じゃ、休まらないでしょうけど=I'll let you rest for a little bit. Fufu--, though you won't be able to get much of a rest while inside my pussy.
あら、抜いた瞬間に射精したら笑ってあげたのに……上手く耐えたわね=Oh, if you came just from taking it out, I'd gotten a good laugh too... You endured it quite well.
まだ萎えさせちゃダメよ？　私は全然、満足してないんだからっ=You can't wither just yet, I'm still not satisfied, not at all--
少し、本気を出してあげるわっ=I'll get a bit serious--
はぁっ、まだこんなに硬くできるのね、貴方のモノ、気に入ったわ=Haa--, you can still get so hard, I've taken a liking to your cock.
もう少しよぉ、もう少しでマンコイクから、頑張りなさいっ=Just a bit more, I'll have an orgasm in just a bit, so try your best--
一気に締め付けが強くなるわよっ、私がイク瞬間を、堪能なさいっ=I'll increase the clamping force in one go--, savour the moment of my orgasm--
はぁっ、男を嬲る快感……たまらないわ=Haa--, the pleasure of tormenting a boy... I can't get enough of it
んふっ、合格よ。貴方のチンポ、極上肉バイブとして、一生私が使ってあげるわ=nnfu--, you pass. I'll use your dick as the finest meat vibrator, for the rest of our lives
女に好き放題されて、ゴムに出すなんて……滑稽よね=Being played around with by a woman, and then shooting your stuff in a condom... Truly laughable.
あら、貴方は上手くイケなかったのね？　でもずっと大きくできて、偉かったわよ=Oh, you couldn't cum, could you? But you kept it nice and hard for me the whole time, good job.
私だけでも持て余すのに、二対一なんて……貴方、大丈夫なの？=Even though you have a hard time dealing with just me alone, doing the two of us at once... Sure you okay?
チンポは私に任せなさい。どう苛めれば喜ぶか、教えてあげるわ=Leave the dick to me. I'll show you just what sort of torture makes it happy.
期待はしていないけど、やるからには二人とも満足させてみなさい=I have no hopes but, since you're doing it, you might as well try to satisfy us both.
ほら、私に挿れたいんでしょう？　正直になりなさい=Come on, you wanna stick it in me, right? Be honest.
どっちに挿れても変わらないわよ、貴方が恥を晒すだけ=It doesn't matter which one of us you stick it into, all you'll manage to do is make a joke of yourself
ほら、愚図。やる気がないなら、女同士で楽しませてもらうけど？=Come on, dullard. If you're not going to do it, then we'll just have fun between ourselves, you know?
んふっ、見えるかしら？　全部咥え込んでやったわよ=nnfu--, I wonder if you can see? I've stuffed the whole thing in.
チンポ思い切り締め付けてあげるけど、それだけに夢中にならないこと=I'll clamp down real hard around you but, don't lose yourself in a trance over that.
貴方に上手くできるのかしら？　二か所を別々に動かすなんて=Moving two different parts individually, you think you can handle it?
いい感じに大きくなっているじゃない、二人相手で興奮してるのね？=You're nice and hard, getting aroused from having 2 partners, huh?
入れたのなら、さっさと始めなさい、どこまで愚図なの？=Since you've put it in, get going already, just how much of a dullard are you?
私の事をおざなりにしたら、承知しないわよ？=If you get careless with me, I won't excuse it, you know?
どう？　ヘタクソなら、はっきり言ってやっていいのよ？=How is it? If you can't handle the heat, you can say it outright, you know?
この男、チンポだけはまぁまぁよ、貴方も後で味わうといいわ=The only thing passable about this guy is his dick, you should try it too later.
もっと激しくできないのかしら？　私達、退屈しちゃうわよ？　ねぇ？=Can't you do it more intensely than that? We're going to get bored, you know? No?
ほら、私が少し締める付けると喘いじゃって、情けないでしょう？=Look, when I tighten around him a bit, he pants like that, isn't it pathetic?
なかなかやるじゃない、二人同時に、気持ちよくできるわよっ=You're doing pretty well, you're making both of us feel good at the same time--
二人とも、我慢しなくていいのよ？　良い声で鳴きなさいっ=Both of you, you don't need to hold back, you know? Cry out in a nice voice for me--
んぁっ、必死ね、貴方もこの子も、情けない声出ちゃってるわよっ=nnah--, so frantic, both you and this girl are letting out such pathetic moans--
貴方のハーレムでも作るつもり？　少し調子に乗り過ぎじゃない？=Trying to create your own harem, or something? Aren't you getting just a tad bit too carried away?
へぇ、チンポ気持ちよさそうね？　こんなゆっくりでも、満足なの？=Heh, your dick feels good, huh? Are you really satisfied, going this slow?
もっと喘いであげたら？　感じているフリでも、十分喜ぶわよ=Why not pant harder? Even if you only pretend that it feels good, it'll make him very happy, you know?
一瞬でもおざなりにしてみなさい、チンポを引き抜いて、へし折ってやるわよ？=Try being careless with me, even for a split second, Ill pull your dick out and crush it, you know?
粗末なモノで激しくされるよりは、こっちの方がマシかしらねっ=Rather than being done in intensely by that shabby thing, this might actually be better--
二人で先にイっちゃいましょ、私達だけ良ければ、それでいいのよ=We should both cum together ahead of him, it's fine as long as just the both of us feel good
かなり蕩けてるみたいね、男と違って、イキそうな顔可愛いわっ=You look so melty, unlike a boy, a girl's orgasmic expression is so cute--
イクの、私に合わせられる？　チンポじゃないと、刺激が足りないかしら？=I'm about to cum, can you match me? Or is the stimulation not enough, without the dick?
これならイケそうねっ、私達のマンコっ、最後まで気持ちよくなさいっ=We can cum if you keep this up, make our pussies feel good, all the way to the end--
少しキツイだろうけど、チンポ締め付けてやりなさい、面白いわよっ=I'm sure it'll be tough but, try clamping down harder on the dick, It's very fun you know--
あぁ、私もイキそうだわっ、二人とも気持ちよくされて、少し癪ねっ=Aah, I'm about to cum too--, to think you're able to make both of us feel good, it's a bit irritating--
必死に腰振っちゃって……随分その穴がお気に入りみたいね？=Moving your hips so frantically... Looks like you've taken quite a liking to that hole, huh?
ほら、どうせ我慢なんかできないのだから、早くイって交代なさい=Come on, not like you can endure it for long anyway, cum quickly then shift over.
あぁっ、わかるわっ、女同士だものっ、私達、イキそうになってるっ=Aaah--, I can tell--, We're both girls after all--, We're both about to hit our climax--
私達、もうイキそうよっ……残念、貴方は仲間外れねっ=We're going to cum--... Sorry to say, you're not included--
私達だけでイきましょっ、男なんて、女を気持ちよくさせる道具よっ=Let's cum by ourselves--, Boys are just tools, for the pleasure of women--
二人分のマンコから、いやらしい音が響いてるわっ、あぁっ、イクっ=Obscene sounds are resounding out, from both of our pussies--, Aaah--, Cumming--
みんなでイキそうなんて、んぅっ、なんだか笑っちゃうわねっ=All of us cumming together, Nnn--, Somehow, it makes me wanna laugh--
フフッ、仲良くイってあげましょっ、男が泣くと、気持ち悪いからっ=Fufu--, Let's all get along and cum together--, It'd be unpleasant if the boy cries.
二人とも私に合わせなさいっ……いい？　そろそろイクわよっ=Both of you match my rhythm--... Alright? I'm about to cum--
私と一緒にイキなさいっ、みんなでイクのっ、命令よっ=Cum together with me--, All of us will cum together--, that's an order--
出せれば何でもいいのねっ、本当にケダモノだわっ=Anything is fine as long as you can cum, huh--, You truly are a beast--
精々たくさん出しなさいっ、私以外にも、呆れられないようにねっ=Shoot out lots, as much as you can--, even on her, so that she doesn't get fed up--
ちょっと、私にかけないでよ？　貴方のきったない精子っ=Hey, don't shoot it out on me, okay? Your filthy semen--
鼻を塞いでいた方がいいわっ、あの精液の匂い、かなり強烈よ=You should plug up your nose--, his semen's smell is pretty damn severe.
フッ、仲良くイっちゃって……ほんと、どうしようもないわね=Hah, we came together... truly, can't be helped, can you?
この満足感……やっぱり苛めるのはチンポに限るわね=This feeling of satisfaction... As I thought, your dick's truly the best thing to tease.
貴方、やるじゃない。どうせ、男一人でイクのだろうと思っていたわ=Huh, you managed it. I was sure you were going to cum by yourself.
んふっ、中でまだ震えてるわ、私のマンコから離れたくないみたい=nnfu-- It's still quivering inside me, looks like it doesn't wanna be apart from my pussy
どうやら上手く出来たみたいね、私だけでも、褒めてあげるわ=Looks like you managed to pull it off somehow, good job, atleast in my opinion.
よかったわね？　私なら、貴方一人だけでイカせていたところよ？=Aren't you glad? If it was just me, I'd have made you cum by yourself, you know?
さて、余興は終わりよ……次は私が、チンポを苛めてあげる=Now then, that's enough of the appetizer... Next up, I'll torment your dick
ほら、イカせて欲しいなら、次は私のマンコに入れなさい=Come on, if you want us to let you cum, then put it in my pussy next
ずっと私としていたら、貴方が干からびてしまいそうね……交代する？=If you keep doing it with me, feels like you'll dry up completely... Wanna switch?
これでよーくわかったでしょう？　そのチンポが、誰のモノなのか=With this, you should understand well by now, right? Just who that dick belongs to
やっぱり、チンポだけはなかなかね。じっくり躾けた甲斐があったわ=As I thought, your dick's the only passable part. It really was worth taking my time to discipline you.
もっと私のマンコで苛めて欲しいのでしょう？　いいわよ、来なさい=You want me to torment you with my pussy even more, right? Alright, come here.
フフッ、イケなくて辛そうね？　私なら、楽にしてあげられるわよ？=Fufu--, It's rough, isn't it, not being able to cum? I can relieve it for you, you know?
ふぅ、確かにイったけど、私はこれだけじゃ不満ね=Fuu, Certainly, I did cum, but I'm completely unsatisfied with just this much
それでは生ぬるいでしょう？　もっと強烈な快楽、欲しくない？=Won't it be lukewarm then? Don't you want more intense pleasure?
まだ大きいままね……私に苛められたいと、素直に言いなさい=Still big huh... If you want to be teased by me, then say it honestly.
よくもまぁ、そんなに出したものね……=Quite the balls you've got, letting out so much...
ちょっと、いつもより量が多くないかしら？　どういう事？=Hey, isn't the amount way more than usual? What's with that?
イッちゃうぅぅぅぅっ！=I'm cummminnnnnng--!
無理、イクぅぅぅっ！=I can't--, cumming----!
イク、イク、イッちゃぁぁぁうっ！=cumming, cumming, I'm cumminnnng--!
イクッ、はぁぁぁぁぁぁーっ！=Cumming--, Haaaaaaaaaaaa--!
はぁっ、ダメね……疼いて、止まらないわ=Haa--, No good... It's throbbing so much, I can't stop.
んぅっ、もう濡れて……あぁっ、凄いわ、溢れてくる……=Nnn, already wet... Aaah--, Amazing, It's overflowing...
あら、いたの……丁度いいわ、私のオカズになりなさい=Oh, you were there, huh... Perfect, be my fap material.
あぁ、まだよ、まだ足りないわ……=Aah, Not enough, It's still not enough...
もっと……んぅぅっ、もう少し、大きくイクまで……=More... Nnnn--, Just a bit more, until I have a big one...
はぁぁっ……凄いっ=Haa--... Amazing--
んぁっ、声っ、抑えられない=Nnaah--, My moans, I can't hold them back.
いいわ……この感じよ……んぅぅっ=So good... Just like this... Nnnn--
んはぁっ、来てるわっ……気持ちいいっ……=nnhaa--, It's coming--... So gooood--...
あぁあっ、声っ、出るっ……止められないっ……=Aaaaaah--, My voice--, It's leaking out--... I can't stop it--...
はぁっ、いいっ、いいのっ、これ好きっ、オナニー好きっ=Haa--, Good--, So good--, I love this--, I love fapping--
んぅ、いいの……感じてるの、あぁっ……=Nnn, So good... I feel, aaaah--...
もっと、ぁぁ、もっと感じたいっ、んぅぅっ、もっとよぉ……=More, aaah, I wanna feel it even more--, Nnnn, More...
はぐっ、ふあぁあっ、いいっ、あぁ、もう無理っ、んぅぅ…………いくぅぅっ！=Haguh--, Fuaaaah--, Good--, Aaah, I can't--, Nnn... I'm cummmming--!
ひゃうっ、あぁぁっ、オナニーいいっ、イクわっ、はぁぁっ…………イックうぅっ！=Hyauu--, Aaaah--, Fapping feels so good--, I'mma cumm--, Haaa--... I'm cumminggg--!
あひゅっ、ふぅぅっ、んあっ、ダメッ、私っ、んっくぅ、んん…………=Ahyuu--, Fuuu--, nnahh--, No good--, I--, nnkuh--, Nnn...
んぅぅっ、いいっ、来たぁっ、身体震えてっ、んうぅぅ、んん…………=Nnnn--, Good--, Here it comes--, My whole body's trembling--, Nnnnn, Nnn...
ほらっ、見てなさいっ、イクわよっ、私がイクとこ、んぁぁ、ぁぁ…………=Here--, Have a look--, I'm cumming--, Take a good look, Nnaaah, Aaaah...
ぁぁ……イっちゃったわ……んふっ、オナニー……しちゃった=Aaah... I came... nnfuu--, I... masturbated.
んっ……んぅっ……あぁっ、最高よぉ……オナニー、いいわぁ……=Nn--... Nnn--... Aah--, This is the best--... Fapping, so goood...
はぁ……よかった……ちゃんと、イケたわ……=Haa... Good... I came, properly...
んくっ、ちょっと乱れ過ぎたかしら……まぁ、いいわよね……=nnkuh--, I wonder if I went a bit too crazy... Well, it's probably fine...
んふっ、貴方でも役に立つじゃない……見られてるだけで、興奮したわ=nnfu--, even you have your uses from time to time... I got so excited, just from being watched.
いっくぅぅ！=Cumming!
イックぅぅ！！=Cumming!!
ふんふふんふふふ～ん♪=Fu, fufu, fufufu～♪
ん……=Nn...
