「体を動かすアクティビティとか好きなの？」=“Do you like physical activities?”
「もちろん大好きだぞ。体を動かしてるだけで楽しくなってくるぞ」=“Of course I love it. I love it. Just moving my body makes me happy.”
「色んなアクティビティがあって、どれがいいか迷うよね」=“There are so many different activities, it's hard to decide which one is best.”
「そうだなー。つまんないのはやりたくないから、慎重に選ばないとだぞ」=“I guess so. Well, you have to choose carefully because you don't want to do anything boring.”
「この島、一日中レジャーが出来そうな感じだよね」=“This island looks like a place where you can spend all day at leisure.”
「まったくだぞー。もう、どこに行ってもレジャーだらけで体がウズウズするぞー」=“That's right. My body is itching for leisure everywhere I go.”
「こんなに遊びがいっぱいだと、ちゃんと研修できそうにないね」=“I don't think I'll be able to train properly if there's so much to do.”
「遊びも立派な研修の一つだぞー。思いっきり楽しめばいいんだ」=“Fun is a part of training. Just enjoy yourself as much as you can.”
「この島、歩いてるだけでもレジャーしてる気分になるね」=“Just walking around this island makes me feel like I'm at leisure.”
「この島の空気がそうさせるんだろうなー。もう、レジャーのワンダーランドだぞ」=“I think it's the air on this island that makes it so. It's a wonderland of leisure.”
「この島でしかできないアクティビティがあったらやってみたいな」=“If there's an activity that can only be done on this island, I'd like to try it.”
「何があるんだろうなー？　海も山もあるからサバイバル体験とか面白そうだぞー」=“I wonder what's out there?　I'd like to try some of the activities only available on this island.”
「本当に、豊かな自然に恵まれた島だよね」=“It's really an island blessed with rich nature, isn't it?”
「そうだなー。こんなに所だと、自然に帰りたくなるぞー」=“Yes, it is. A place like this makes you want to go back to nature.”
「南国なだけあって、珍しい花とか咲いてそうだね」=“It's a tropical island with rare flowers.”
「あたし、花は好きだぞ。花びらの根元を舐めると蜜の味がするからな」=“I like flowers. I like flowers. I can taste the honey when I lick the base of a petal.”
「やっぱり自然が好きなの？」=“Do you like nature?”
「大好きだぞー。できれば自然の中で暮らしたいと思ってるくらいだからな―」=“I love it. I love it. I'd like to live in nature if I could.”
「この辺りは都会と違って空気が汚れてないよね」=“The air around here isn't as polluted as in the city, is it?”
「もちろんだぞー。空気が美味しいから、息を吸うだけでおなか一杯になりそうだぞ」=“Of course. The air is so good, I feel like I'm going to be full just breathing it in.”
「ここは野生の動物とか、いっぱいいそうだよね」=“There seems to be a lot of wildlife here, doesn't there?”
「うん。いっぱいいるぞ……動物の気配はニオイでわかるからな」=“Yes. Yes, there are a lot of them. ...... You can smell the presence of animals.”
「こういう自然環境は、大切にしていかないとね」=“We have to take care of this kind of natural environment.”
「そうだなー。一度壊れた自然が元に戻るには、すっごく時間がかかるらしいからなー」=“I agree. I've heard that it takes a long time for nature to return to normal once it's broken.”
「海が綺麗だと、それだけでテンションが上がるよね」=“It's a beautiful sea. That's what makes me excited.”
「まったくだぞー。あんなに水が綺麗だと海の底まで見えるんじゃないかって気がするぞ」=“That's exactly right. When the water is that clean, you can almost see the bottom of the ocean.”
「この辺の海の魚は、あんまり見かけない種類が多いよね」=“You don't see many kinds of fish around here, do you?”
「そうだなー。熱帯魚が多いから、変わった形のもいっぱいだぞ」=“I guess so. There are a lot of tropical fish, so there are a lot of strange shapes.”
「この島の海で泳いでたら、心も体も綺麗になりそうだね」=“Swimming in the waters of this island will cleanse your body and soul.”
「うんうん。ぷかぷか浮かんでるだけで、洗濯されてる気分になりそうだぞ」=“Yes, yes. Just floating around in the water will make you feel like you're being washed.”
「海の生き物って好き？」=“Do you like sea creatures?”
「好きだぞー。見るのも好きだし、美味しいお魚とか大好きだ」=“I like it. I like to look at them, and I love good fish.”
「こう暑いと、やっぱり海に行きたくなるよね」=“When it's hot like this, you want to go to the beach.”
「この島はずっと夏みたいだからな―。やっぱり海が似合うと思うぞー」=“It's like summer on this island. This island is like summer all the time, so I think the ocean suits me.”
「海で遊ぶとしたら何がしたい？」=“What would you like to do in the sea?”
「とりあえず泳ぐぞー。それでイルカとかウミガメを探すぞー」=“I'm going to swim. I want to swim and look for dolphins and sea turtles.”
「この島、特産品が多いから、どれを試そうか迷うよね」=“There are so many specialties on this island, it's hard to decide which one to try.”
「うん。どれがいいものかは、さすがにニオイじゃわからないからなー」=“Yes. You can't tell which ones are good by smelling them.”
「自販機の飲み物とか、この島独特な感じだよね」=“The drinks in the vending machines are unique to this island.”
「そうだなー。見たことないものばっかりだから、全部試してみたいぞー」=“I guess so. I've never seen anything like it, so I want to try it all.”
「この島、料理の味も独特のものが多いよね」=“The food on this island has a lot of unique flavors, too.”
「うんうん。暑い地方だから、調味料の味から違う感じだぞ」=“Yes, yes. It's a hot place, so the seasonings taste different.”
「この島って、よく音楽が流れてるけど、あれもこの島ならではだよね」=“There's a lot of music on this island. That's unique to this island.”
「あたしもあの音楽大好きだぞ。陽気で、でものんびりしてて、ついつい聞き入っちゃうぞー」=“I love that music, too. I love that music too. It's so cheerful and relaxing that I can't help but listen to it.”
「この島、探せば野生のフルーツとかいっぱいありそうだよね」=“This island seems to be full of wild fruits if you look for them.”
「おー、だったらあたしはマンゴーが食べたいな。マンゴー探しに行こう」=“Oh, I want to eat a mango. Let's go look for mangoes.”
「サトウキビに、フルーツに、お菓子……考えてみると、特産品は甘いモノが多いのかな」=“Sugar cane, fruits, sweets, and ......, I guess most of the local products are sweet.”
「暑い所では甘いモノを食べてカロリーを補給するって聞いたことがあるぞ。何となくわかる気がするなー」=“I've heard that people eat sweet things to replenish their calories in hot places. I've heard that people eat sweets in hot places to replenish their calories. I think I know what that means.”
「変わった体位のエッチってしてみたい？」=“Would you like to have sex in an unusual position?”
「何言ってんだ、キミは……まぁ、気持ちいいなら興味あるかもなー」=“What are you talking about? ...... Well, if it feels good, I might be interested.”
「おちんちん、生やしてみたい？」=“Do you want to grow a penis?”
「おちんちん？　あったら面白いと思うけど、キミのがあれば十分だぞ」=“Penis?　I think it'd be fun, but I think yours would be enough.”
「エッチの時って、何考えてるの？」=“What do you think about when you're having sex?”
「何にも考えてないぞー。あえて言うなら……子孫繁栄、かな？」=“I don't think about anything. I'm thinking about ...... and procreation.”
「この話はおわりー。もうおしまいだからなー」=“I'm done talking about it. I'm done talking about it. I'm done.”
「キミはどうしようもないなー。答えるわけないぞー」=“You can't help yourself. I'm not going to answer that.”
