//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「この島、レジャーがいっぱいあってどれをやろうか迷っちゃうよね」=“This island has so many things to do, it's hard to pick one thing, isn't it?”
「そうだね。もうこの島が、レジャー満載のテーマパークみたい」=“Yeah. Honestly, this island's more like a seaside themepark.”
「どんなアクティビティとかで遊びたい？」=“What sort of activities do you wanna try out?”
「ビーチチェアーでゆっくり本を読んでたいんだけど……それはアクティビティにならないかな」=“I'd love to just lounge on a beach chair and read a book all day but... I guess that doesn't count?”
「体を動かす系のアクティビティは好き？」=“Do you like activities that involve physical exertion?”
「どうかな、まったく動かさない訳じゃないけど……程度によると思うよ」=“I dunno, it's not like I don't move around much at all... it'd depend on how intense it is.”
「海と陸、どっちのアクティビティが好き？」=“Which activities do you like more? Land ones or sea ones?”
「そうだね、激しくなければどっちでもいいけど……やっぱり海の方が涼しいのかな」=“Good question, if they're not too intense I don't mind either... but the sea is a much cooler place to be around, so.”
「のんびり散歩するだけでも、この島だったら十分にレジャーだよね」=“Even just taking a walk around the place is a ton relaxing, isn't it?”
「散歩、いいね……ながら歩きは危ないけど、文庫本片手に歩いてみたいな」=“Walks, huh? They're so nice... I know it's dangerous to walk around distracted but, I'd love to walk with a tiny book in my hand.”
「探検みたいなアクティビティがあったらどうする？」=“If they had an exploration sort of activity, what'd you do?”
「行ってみたい……冒険小説みたいな体験できるなら、かなりそそられるかも」=“I'd join I think... If we can do the sort of exploration that shows up in novels, it might get me pretty fired up.”
「こんなに豊かな自然に囲まれてると、心が落ち着く気がするよ」=“Being surrounded by all this nature has a way of calming your heart, doesn't it?”
「そうだね、緑の木々にはセラピー効果があるって言う本を読んだことがあるよ」=“Yeah, I've read in a book before that seeing a whole bunch of green trees has a very therapeutic effect on people.”
「この島の空気、すごく綺麗で美味しい気がする」=“I feel like the air here's ridiculously clean and delicious.”
「沢山の森林に囲まれてるからね……森の木々が空気を綺麗にしてくれるんだって」=“We are pretty well surrounded by all those trees, after all... Apparently, it's all of them that make it so clean.”
「さすがに南国だよね。見たことない植物がいっぱいだよ」=“I guess that's the southern country for you. It's full of plants I've never seen before.”
「何か、新しい種類の植物を発見して、ニュースになったりしたら面白いよね」=“If we found a new species and showed up on the news, that'd be pretty interesting, wouldn't it?”
「森の中で道に迷ったら、帰ってこれなくなりそうだね」=“I feel like once you get lost in one of the forests here, there's no going back.”
「そう言う時は、本のページを破いて目印として置いておけばいいんだよ、ちょっともったいないけどね」=“At those times, just start ripping pages from a book and leave them behind one by one as a trail for someone to follow. It is a bit of a waste though.”
「野生動物を見つけたらどうしようか？」=“If we come across wild animals, what should we do?”
「そっと遠くから観察しようよ……多分、向こうもこっちを観察してると思うから」=“Best to just observe them from afar... Since I'm pretty sure they'd be observing us just the same too.”
「この島の豊かな自然は、大事に守っていきたいよね」=“We gotta protect the slice of nature here, don't we?”
「うん、そうだね……ごみの分別とか省エネとか、できる事からして行こうよ」=“Yeah, we do... let's start with things we can do, like properly sorting our garbage or saving energy where we can.”
「この島の海は、本当に綺麗だね」=“The sea here really is beautiful, isn't it?”
「そうだね……まるで小説の中から出てきたようなくらい綺麗だよ」=“Yeah... it's so pretty it almost feels like it's straight out of a novel.”
「この辺りの海の生き物って、珍しいものが多いよね」=“A whole lot of the sea creatures around the place are pretty unusual, aren't they?”
「でも、私達にとっては珍しいけど、地元の人にとっては普通なんだろうね」=“They might be unusual to us, but I'm sure that to the local people they're pretty normal.”
「この辺りの海はサンゴ礁が豊富だよね」=“The sea around here is filled with coral reefs, isn't it?”
「サンゴってああ見えて生物なんだよね。本当に海って色んな生き物がいるんだね」=“Apparently they're living things, even though they don't look like it. The sea really is full of all kinds of life, isn't it?”
「ゆっくり、波に揺られながら浮き輪で浮かんでいたら、気持ちいいだろうね」=“I bet it'd feel amazing, to just slowly float on top of the sea, on top of swim ring.”
「そのまま流されちゃって、世界一周しちゃうかも……そしたらすごい冒険譚が書けるね」=“You might just get swept away, and end up doing a whole lap of the world too... that'd make for an amazing adventure story, don't you think?”
「砂浜も綺麗だし、毎日海に来てても飽きないくらいだよ」=“The beaches here are so pretty too, so much so it doesn't get tiring even when you go there everyday.”
「そうだね。私もビーチで椅子に座って、毎日本が読みたいな」=“Yeah. I wanna just sit on a chair at the beach all day too, just reading.”
「地元の人は、海は見るもので泳ぐものじゃないって人が多いみたいだよ」=“Seems like a whole lot of people are of the mind that the sea's for viewing, not for swimming.”
「私もその感覚分かるな……これだけ綺麗な海なら、見てるだけで十分な気がする」=“I can understand that too... with how beautiful it is, I feel like just looking at it is enough too.”
「自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物とか、飲んでみたいと思う？」=“You wanna try out the unknown drinks that they sell in the vending machines here?”
「ちょっとした冒険だよね。その土地に馴染むには、味を知っておいた方がいい気もするし……」=“That's a tiny adventure in its own right. And I feel like it'd be better to get to know the flavour of the land too, if I want to blend in...”
「民芸品には、やっぱりその土地ならではの由来とかあったりするのかな」=“I wonder if all local crafts have some sort of an origin story based in the place?”
「そういう伝記とか載ってる本、読んでみたいな。何か面白い発見とかあるかも知れないし」=“I'd love to read a book with all of those gathered together. I feel like there'd be an interesting find or two in there.”
「この島の特産品って何があるんだろう？」=“I wonder just what sort of local specialties they even have here?”
「海に山に、色々あると思うけど、私はフルーツとかが好きかな」=“I'm sure there's lots, what with the sea and the mountains, but I love the fruits and whatnot myself.”
「この島で時々聞こえてくる民謡とかって、明るい雰囲気のものが多いよね」=“Sometimes you here these songs that they place everywhere, don't you? They're all so cheerful, aren't they?”
「なんだか、島の空気に合ってると思う。暖かくてのんびりしてて、心に響く感じ……」=“I feel like they fit the air of this island, in a way. They're so warm and relaxed, you can feel them in your heart...”
「この島の料理って、結構独特なものが多いよね」=“A lot of the dishes here are very unique, aren't they?”
「最初に作った人に聞いてみたいかも。どうしてそういう料理にしたんですかって」=“I think I wanna pick the brain of the people that came up with them. I'd love to ask them what made them do it in the first place.”
「やっぱり、暑い地域だとそれに見合った名物たくさんが生まれるのかな」=“I guess when the place's this hot, it reflects in the local crafts and specialties too, huh?”
「私もそう思う。どれもこれも、全部この島の風土と気候に合ったものなんだろうね」=“I think so too. I bet they're all made with the climate and the local area in mind.”
「オナニーの時って何を考えてるの？」=“What do you think of when you masturbate?”
「え、それは、その……本で読んだことを、ちょっと妄想してみたり、とか……」=“Eh, that's, uhm... things I've read in my books or, stuff I come up with in my head, or...”
「一番気持ちがいい性感帯ってどこ？」=“Which part is your most sensitive?”
「あの……なんて言うか、気持ち良くしてもらえるなら、どこでも感じるって言うか……」=“Uhm... how do I say this, when you're making me feel good, I love it everywhere, like...”
「セックスは好き？」=“You like having sex?”
「あ、ま、まぁ……嫌いでは、ないかな……」=“Ah, w-well... I don't, hate it, I suppose...”
「あ、あのね……それ、私が答えると思ってるのかな」=“H-Hey, listen... do you really think I can answer that?”
「ちょ、ちょっと待って……そんな卑猥な質問、答えられないから」=“H-Hey, I can't... answer something that obscene.”
