「この島、レジャーがいっぱいあってどれをやろうか迷っちゃうよね」="There are so many leisure activities on this island, it's hard to decide which one to do.
「そうだね。もうこの島が、レジャー満載のテーマパークみたい」="That's right. This island is like a theme park full of leisure activities.
「どんなアクティビティとかで遊びたい？」="What kind of activities do you want to do?
「ビーチチェアーでゆっくり本を読んでたいんだけど……それはアクティビティにならないかな」="I'd like to sit on a beach chair and read a book, but I'm not sure if that's an activity.
「体を動かす系のアクティビティは好き？」="Do you like physical activities?
「どうかな、まったく動かさない訳じゃないけど……程度によると思うよ」="I don't know. It's not that I don't move at all. ...... I think it depends.
「海と陸、どっちのアクティビティが好き？」="What do you prefer, land or sea activities?
「そうだね、激しくなければどっちでもいいけど……やっぱり海の方が涼しいのかな」="Well, I don't mind either as long as it's not too strenuous. ...... I think the ocean is cooler.
「のんびり散歩するだけでも、この島だったら十分にレジャーだよね」="Just taking a leisurely stroll is a good leisure activity on this island.
「散歩、いいね……ながら歩きは危ないけど、文庫本片手に歩いてみたいな」="Taking a walk is nice. ...... Walking while walking is dangerous, but I'd like to try walking with a paperback in my hand.
「探検みたいなアクティビティがあったらどうする？」="What would you do if there was an activity like exploring?
「行ってみたい……冒険小説みたいな体験できるなら、かなりそそられるかも」="I'd like to go to ....... If it's like an adventure novel, I'm pretty intrigued.
「こんなに豊かな自然に囲まれてると、心が落ち着く気がするよ」="It's so calming to be surrounded by so much nature.
「そうだね、緑の木々にはセラピー効果があるって言う本を読んだことがあるよ」="Yes, I've read that green trees have a therapeutic effect.
「この島の空気、すごく綺麗で美味しい気がする」="The air on this island is so clean and delicious.
「沢山の森林に囲まれてるからね……森の木々が空気を綺麗にしてくれるんだって」="I've read that green trees have a therapeutic effect.
「さすがに南国だよね。見たことない植物がいっぱいだよ」="It is indeed a tropical country. There are so many plants I've never seen before.
「何か、新しい種類の植物を発見して、ニュースになったりしたら面白いよね」="It'd be interesting to discover a new kind of plant that would make the news.
「森の中で道に迷ったら、帰ってこれなくなりそうだね」="If I get lost in the forest, I won't be able to find my way back.
「そう言う時は、本のページを破いて目印として置いておけばいいんだよ、ちょっともったいないけどね」="In that case, you can tear pages out of a book and leave them as landmarks.
「野生動物を見つけたらどうしようか？」="What should I do if I see wildlife?
「そっと遠くから観察しようよ……多分、向こうもこっちを観察してると思うから」="Let's watch them from a distance. ...... They'll probably be watching us too.
「この島の豊かな自然は、大事に守っていきたいよね」="We have to protect the rich nature of this island, right?
「うん、そうだね……ごみの分別とか省エネとか、できる事からして行こうよ」="Yeah, that's right. ...... Let's do what we can to separate garbage and save energy.
「この島の海は、本当に綺麗だね」="The sea on this island is really beautiful, isn't it?
「そうだね……まるで小説の中から出てきたようなくらい綺麗だよ」="Yes, it is. ...... It's so beautiful it's like something out of a novel.
「この辺りの海の生き物って、珍しいものが多いよね」="There are a lot of unusual sea creatures around here.
「でも、私達にとっては珍しいけど、地元の人にとっては普通なんだろうね」="But what's rare for us is probably normal for the locals.
「この辺りの海はサンゴ礁が豊富だよね」="The sea around here is rich in coral reefs.
「サンゴってああ見えて生物なんだよね。本当に海って色んな生き物がいるんだね」="Coral looks like a living thing, right? Coral looks like it's alive, but it's really a lot of different creatures in the ocean.
「ゆっくり、波に揺られながら浮き輪で浮かんでいたら、気持ちいいだろうね」="It must be nice to float in a floatation ring, slowly swaying in the waves.
「そのまま流されちゃって、世界一周しちゃうかも……そしたらすごい冒険譚が書けるね」="Maybe I'll just get swept away and go around the world. ...... I could write an amazing adventure story then.
「砂浜も綺麗だし、毎日海に来てても飽きないくらいだよ」="The beach is so beautiful, you could come here every day and never get tired of it.
「そうだね。私もビーチで椅子に座って、毎日本が読みたいな」="I could come to the beach every day and never get tired of it. I wish I could sit on a chair on the beach and read every book.
「地元の人は、海は見るもので泳ぐものじゃないって人が多いみたいだよ」="Most of the locals think that the ocean is for watching, not swimming.
「私もその感覚分かるな……これだけ綺麗な海なら、見てるだけで十分な気がする」="I know what you mean. ...... I feel like just looking at the beautiful ocean is enough.
「自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物とか、飲んでみたいと思う？」="Would you like to try one of those drinks from a vending machine that you've never seen before?
「ちょっとした冒険だよね。その土地に馴染むには、味を知っておいた方がいい気もするし……」="It's a bit of an adventure, isn't it? It's a bit of an adventure, and I think it's better to know the taste of a place to get used to it. ......
「民芸品には、やっぱりその土地ならではの由来とかあったりするのかな」="I wonder if there are any local origins to the folk art.
「そういう伝記とか載ってる本、読んでみたいな。何か面白い発見とかあるかも知れないし」="I'd like to read a book with such biographies. I'd like to read a book with such biographies. I might find something interesting.
「この島の特産品って何があるんだろう？」="What are the specialties of this island?
「海に山に、色々あると思うけど、私はフルーツとかが好きかな」="There's the sea, the mountains, all kinds of things, but I think I like the fruit.
「この島で時々聞こえてくる民謡とかって、明るい雰囲気のものが多いよね」="I hear a lot of cheerful folk songs on this island.
「なんだか、島の空気に合ってると思う。暖かくてのんびりしてて、心に響く感じ……」="I think it fits the atmosphere of the island. It's warm and relaxing and it touches your heart. ......
「この島の料理って、結構独特なものが多いよね」="A lot of the food on this island is quite unique.
「最初に作った人に聞いてみたいかも。どうしてそういう料理にしたんですかって」="I'd like to ask the first person who made it. I'd like to ask the person who first made it, why did they make it that way?
「やっぱり、暑い地域だとそれに見合った名物たくさんが生まれるのかな」="I wonder if hotter climates produce more specialties.
「私もそう思う。どれもこれも、全部この島の風土と気候に合ったものなんだろうね」="I think so, too. I think so, too. I guess it all fits the climate and the climate of this island.
「オナニーの時って何を考えてるの？」="What do you think about when you masturbate?
「え、それは、その……本で読んだことを、ちょっと妄想してみたり、とか……」="Well, I fantasize about some of the things I've read in the ...... books.
「一番気持ちがいい性感帯ってどこ？」="What's the most pleasurable part of your body?
「あの……なんて言うか、気持ち良くしてもらえるなら、どこでも感じるって言うか……」="Well, I'd say I can feel anywhere, as long as it makes me feel good.
「セックスは好き？」="Do you like sex?
「あ、ま、まぁ……嫌いでは、ないかな……」="Oh, well, I don't hate ...... it, I guess.
「あ、あのね……それ、私が答えると思ってるのかな」="Oh, you know, ...... you think I'm going to answer that?
「ちょ、ちょっと待って……そんな卑猥な質問、答えられないから」="Wait a minute. ...... I can't answer an obscene question like that.
