//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「この島のレジャー、いっぱい楽しみたいね」=“Man, I wanna experience all the activities this island has to offer.”
「いいですな。この島は本当に、レジャーだらけですぞ」=“Sounds great. This island really is full of things to do.”
「どんなアクティビティで遊んでみたい？」=“What sort of things do you wanna try doing?”
「そうですな、普段は滅多にできない様な事が、やってみたいですぞ」=“Let's see, I want to try doing things we can't really do back in the city.”
「海と陸、どっちで遊びたい？」=“Between the land and the sea, where do you wanna do stuff more?”
「陸もいいけど、やっぱり海ですな。南国のビーチを満喫したいですぞ」=“The land's great too but, gotta be the sea for me. I wanna enjoy this southern beach thoroughly.”
「この島は、普通に歩いてるだけでもレジャー感があるよね」=“Even just walking around the place makes you feel like you're doing something special, doesn't it?”
「観光地ですからな。目に見える景色すべてがレジャーみたいなものですぞ」=“It's a tourist area, after all. Everything you can lay eyes on is something you can enjoy.”
「体を激しく動かす系のアクティビティは大丈夫？」=“Are you okay with the more physically exerting activities?”
「大丈夫、かなぁ……でも、やってみたら絶対楽しいとおもうんだなぁ」=“I, don't know... but, I'm sure I'd enjoy them anyway~”
「遊びの事ばっかりに夢中になって、研修が出来そうにないね」=“Feels like the research's gonna end up taking a backseat to us just enjoying ourselves, isn't it?”
「遊びも立派な研修のうちですぞ。バンバン遊んじゃっていいと思うんだなぁ」=“That counts as research too, you know. I think it's perfectly okay for us to enjoy ourselves as much as we want.”
「これだけ豊かな緑に囲まれてると、心ものんびりした気持ちになってくるよ」=“Being surrounded by all this greenery has a way of really calming and chilling out your heart, you know?”
「そうですな。都会では味わえないこの雰囲気、自然の醍醐味ですぞ」=“Indeed. This atmosphere is something you can only savour within nature, not within our crowded city.”
「この島の空気は、澄んでいて美味しい気がするよ」=“The air here almost feels tasty to me.”
「自然が多いですからな。木には空気を綺麗にする効果があるらしいんだなぁ」=“That's because of all the nature. Seems that all the trees clean the air up for us.”
「やっぱり南国なだけあって、見たことない植物がいっぱいだね」=“There's a whole lot of plants here that we don't usually see, aren't there? I guess that's the south for you.”
「道に咲いてる花もトロピカルで、バカンス気分が満点だなぁ」=“Even the flowers on the side of the road are so tropical, it gives the entire place a vacation-y tint.”
「これだけ自然に囲まれてるんだから、沢山の野生動物がいるんだろうな」=“I bet there's a whole lot of wild animals around, we're surrounded by so much nature after all.”
「そうですな。ひょっとしたら新種の珍獣を発見できるかも知れませんぞ」=“Indeed. You never know, we could come across a rare, undiscovered species ourselves.”
「こういう自然の多い場所には、精霊みたいな存在がいてもおかしくないよね」=“It wouldn't be all that weird for the spirits of the dead to be around here, would it? There's so much nature everywhere.”
「木々に宿る精霊がいるらしいですからな。人間の尺度だけではわからない事もあると思うなぁ」=“I wouldn't be surprised, there's all sorts of ghosts out there, even those that live within forests. I do think there's stuff out there that we just can't measure yet.”
「これだけ人の手が加わってないと、結構生活は不便だったりするのかな」=“I wonder if life here's inconvenient? I mean, there's so little human touch to everything here.”
「昔からそう暮らしてきてるから、それが文化として根付いてるんじゃないかなぁ」=“The people here have lived like this for centuries so, I wouldn't be surprised if that's just part of their culture now.”
「この島の海は、水が透き通ってて凄く綺麗だよね」=“The way the sea's basically sea-through here is insane, isn't it? It's so beautiful.”
「そうですな。しょっぱいのさえ我慢すれば、ミネラルウォーターとして飲めるくらいなんだなぁ」=“Yeah. You could almost drink it as mineral water, of course, if you can get past the saltiness.”
「この島の海には、見たことないような魚がいっぱいいるんだよね」=“The sea here has a whole lot of unique fish, doesn't it?”
「まさに南国の海って感じですな。カラフルな熱帯魚たちが舞い踊る姿は壮観ですぞ」=“It really does give it all a southern feel, doesn't it? Seeing all those colorful tropical fish dancing around is a magnificent sight.”
「砂浜も綺麗で波も穏やかだし、一日中海に居ても飽きないだろうね」=“With how pretty the beaches are and how calm the waves are, I bet even spending a whole day out at the shore wouldn't make you bored of it.”
「綺麗な貝やサンゴも落ちてますからな。持って帰ったら怒られるけど、眺める分には問題ないんだなぁ」=“It's full of seashells and corals too. They'd probably get mad at us for taking any home but, looking's free, isn't it?”
「この辺りのサンゴ礁は本当に綺麗だよね」=“The coral reefs around here are stunning, aren't they?”
「色とりどりで本当に奇麗ですな。もしかして、サンゴがカラフルだから魚もカラフルなのかも……」=“They really are, especially with all their colors. Maybe that's why the fish are so colorful too...”
「浮き輪で海に浮かんでるだけでも気持ちいいだろうな」=“I bet even just floating around on a blow up tube would feel amazing.”
「波も静かだし、そのまま浮き輪で寝ちゃいそうだなぁ。そのまま遭難するかも知れませんぞ」=“The waves are so calm too, bet you'd just fall asleep. And maybe you'll get dragged away out to sea while you're at it.”
「海の生き物だと、何が一番好きなの？」=“Which sea creature do you like the most?”
「ワタシはクラゲかなぁ。近づくと刺されるけど、泳いでるのを眺めるだけなら可愛くて好きですぞ」=“Jellyfish for me. They get pretty stabby if you get close to them but, as long as you leave them alone, they look adorable just floating around, so I love them.”
「この島の自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物って興味ある？」=“Got any interest in those unknown drinks they have in the vending machines here?”
「ありますぞ。アレに挑む勇者になろうと思ってるんだけど、なかなか難しいんだなぁ」=“I do. Part of me does want to be the hero that takes them on, but it's pretty hard.”
「この島の料理、色々種類があって、見てるだけでも楽しいよね」=“The dishes here are so varied, even just looking at them is fun, isn't it?”
「見てるだけだとお腹が減るから、ワタシは全部食べたいですぞ」=“I'd personally rather sample them all, just looking at them would make me die hungry.”
「南国なだけあって、この島にはたくさんのフルーツがあるみたいだね」=“Seems like they grow a whole lot of fruit here, huh? Guess that's the south for you.”
「ワタシもフルーツは好きですぞ。食べた事ないようなトロピカルフルーツを試してみたいんだなぁ」=“I love fruits too. I want to try out some exotic tropical fruits, the sort we can't find in the city.”
「民芸品とかって興味ある？」=“Got any interest in the local crafts?”
「もちろんありますぞ。その民芸品が作られた歴史とか背景とか、すごく気になるんだなぁ」=“Of course. The history surrounding them and the context behind them, it's all interesting stuff.”
「この島の特産品って、どれが一番有名なのかな」=“I wonder which local speciality's the most famous here?”
「一番有名……沢山あって、それぞれの生産者さんが、うちのが一番有名っていいそうですな」=“The most famous... there's so many, I feel like no matter which manufacturer you go to, they'd all just say that theirs is the most famous one.”
「この島の所々で聞こえてくる民謡って、なんだか心に染みるよね」=“The folk songs you hear all around the place kinda really seeps into your heart, doesn't it?”
「そうですな。ほのぼのした雰囲気がこの島に合ってて、ワタシも大好きですぞ」=“Yeah. The warm tunes fit this island so well, I love it.”
「オナニーは激しい方？」=“Are your masturbation sessions intense?”
「は、激しいオナニーとか、聞いたことないし……ワタシは、大人しい方だと、思うけど……」=“I-I've never heard of anyone calling them intense or chill... I'd say mine are, on the chill side, though...”
「乳首とおまんこ、どっちが感じるの？」=“Between your nipples and your pussy, where do you like it more?”
「そ、それ……答えないとだめなの？　どっちって言われても、どっちも、感じると思うよ……」=“T-That's... do I have to answer? I mean, I like it in both places, I can't pick...”
「おちんちんの形に、好き嫌いある？」=“Do you have any preferences, when it comes to the shape of a cock?”
「な、無いよ……そんなの……好きも嫌いも、そんなに見た事ないし……」=“I-I don't... not like... I've seen any of them, aside from yours...”
「そんな話題には、さすがについていけませんな」=“I really can't go along with you on that one, chief.”
「えっと……この話題、やめにしたいなぁ」=“Erhm... I'd rather we didn't talk about this~”
