「この島のレジャー、いっぱい楽しみたいね」="I want to enjoy all the leisure activities this island has to offer.
「いいですな。この島は本当に、レジャーだらけですぞ」="That's good. There's so much to do on this island.
「どんなアクティビティで遊んでみたい？」="What kind of activities do you want to do?
「そうですな、普段は滅多にできない様な事が、やってみたいですぞ」="Well, I'd like to do something I don't get to do very often.
「海と陸、どっちで遊びたい？」="Which do you prefer, land or sea?
「陸もいいけど、やっぱり海ですな。南国のビーチを満喫したいですぞ」="Land is nice, but the ocean is the best. I want to enjoy the tropical beaches.
「この島は、普通に歩いてるだけでもレジャー感があるよね」="There's a sense of leisure on this island, even when you're just walking around.
「観光地ですからな。目に見える景色すべてがレジャーみたいなものですぞ」="It's a tourist spot. It's a tourist destination, so everything you see is a leisure activity.
「体を激しく動かす系のアクティビティは大丈夫？」="Are you sure you don't want to do anything strenuous?
「大丈夫、かなぁ……でも、やってみたら絶対楽しいとおもうんだなぁ」="I'm not sure. ...... But I'm sure it'll be fun to try.
「遊びの事ばっかりに夢中になって、研修が出来そうにないね」="I don't think I'll be able to do the training if I'm too busy playing.
「遊びも立派な研修のうちですぞ。バンバン遊んじゃっていいと思うんだなぁ」="Playing is a part of training. I think it's okay to have a lot of fun.
「これだけ豊かな緑に囲まれてると、心ものんびりした気持ちになってくるよ」="Surrounded by so much greenery, you'll feel relaxed and at ease.
「そうですな。都会では味わえないこの雰囲気、自然の醍醐味ですぞ」="That's true. You can't experience this kind of atmosphere in the city, it's the best part of nature.
「この島の空気は、澄んでいて美味しい気がするよ」="The air on this island is so clear and delicious.
「自然が多いですからな。木には空気を綺麗にする効果があるらしいんだなぁ」="There's a lot of nature here. I heard that the trees help to clean the air.
「やっぱり南国なだけあって、見たことない植物がいっぱいだね」="I've never seen so many plants in a tropical country.
「道に咲いてる花もトロピカルで、バカンス気分が満点だなぁ」="The flowers blooming along the road are also tropical, giving me a vacation feeling.
「これだけ自然に囲まれてるんだから、沢山の野生動物がいるんだろうな」="Since we are surrounded by so much nature, there must be a lot of wildlife.
「そうですな。ひょっとしたら新種の珍獣を発見できるかも知れませんぞ」="Yes, there is. Maybe we'll even find a new species of rare animal.
「こういう自然の多い場所には、精霊みたいな存在がいてもおかしくないよね」="In a place like this with so much nature, it's not surprising that there are spirits.
「木々に宿る精霊がいるらしいですからな。人間の尺度だけではわからない事もあると思うなぁ」="I've heard that there are spirits that live in the trees. There are spirits that live in the trees. I think there are some things that cannot be understood by the human scale alone.
「これだけ人の手が加わってないと、結構生活は不便だったりするのかな」="I wonder if life would be much more inconvenient without the help of humans.
「昔からそう暮らしてきてるから、それが文化として根付いてるんじゃないかなぁ」="We've been living like this for a long time, so I guess it's rooted in our culture.
「この島の海は、水が透き通ってて凄く綺麗だよね」="The water on this island is crystal clear and very beautiful, isn't it?
「そうですな。しょっぱいのさえ我慢すれば、ミネラルウォーターとして飲めるくらいなんだなぁ」="Yes, it is. The water is so clear and clean, you can drink it as mineral water if you can tolerate the saltiness.
「この島の海には、見たことないような魚がいっぱいいるんだよね」="There are a lot of fish in the sea here that I've never seen before.
「まさに南国の海って感じですな。カラフルな熱帯魚たちが舞い踊る姿は壮観ですぞ」="It's just like a tropical sea. It's just like a tropical sea. It's spectacular to see all the colorful tropical fish dancing around.
「砂浜も綺麗で波も穏やかだし、一日中海に居ても飽きないだろうね」="The sandy beach is beautiful and the waves are calm, you could spend a whole day in the sea and never get tired of it.
「綺麗な貝やサンゴも落ちてますからな。持って帰ったら怒られるけど、眺める分には問題ないんだなぁ」="There are also beautiful shells and corals. You'd be furious if you took them home, but there's nothing wrong with admiring them, is there?
「この辺りのサンゴ礁は本当に綺麗だよね」="The coral reefs around here are really beautiful, aren't they?
「色とりどりで本当に奇麗ですな。もしかして、サンゴがカラフルだから魚もカラフルなのかも……」="The coral reefs around here are really beautiful, aren't they? Maybe it's because the coral is so colorful that the fish are colorful, too. ......
「浮き輪で海に浮かんでるだけでも気持ちいいだろうな」="It must be nice just to float in the water with a floatation ring.
「波も静かだし、そのまま浮き輪で寝ちゃいそうだなぁ。そのまま遭難するかも知れませんぞ」="The waves are so quiet, I might just fall asleep on a floatation ring. You might get lost in the water.
「海の生き物だと、何が一番好きなの？」="What do you like best about sea creatures?
「ワタシはクラゲかなぁ。近づくと刺されるけど、泳いでるのを眺めるだけなら可愛くて好きですぞ」="I like jellyfish. I like jellyfish. They sting if you get too close to them, but they're cute if you just want to watch them swim.
「この島の自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物って興味ある？」="Are you interested in the drinks sold in the vending machines on this island that you've never seen before?
「ありますぞ。アレに挑む勇者になろうと思ってるんだけど、なかなか難しいんだなぁ」="Yes, I am. I'm trying to be brave enough to try it, but it's not easy.
「この島の料理、色々種類があって、見てるだけでも楽しいよね」="There are so many different kinds of food on this island, it's fun just to look at them.
「見てるだけだとお腹が減るから、ワタシは全部食べたいですぞ」="I want to eat all of it, because I'm getting hungry just looking at it.
「南国なだけあって、この島にはたくさんのフルーツがあるみたいだね」="There seems to be a lot of fruit on this island because it's a tropical island.
「ワタシもフルーツは好きですぞ。食べた事ないようなトロピカルフルーツを試してみたいんだなぁ」="I like fruit, too. I like fruits too. I'd like to try some tropical fruits that I've never had before.
「民芸品とかって興味ある？」="Are you interested in folk art?
「もちろんありますぞ。その民芸品が作られた歴史とか背景とか、すごく気になるんだなぁ」="Of course I am. I'm really interested in the history and background of the folk art.
「この島の特産品って、どれが一番有名なのかな」="Which of the island's specialties is the most famous?
「一番有名……沢山あって、それぞれの生産者さんが、うちのが一番有名っていいそうですな」="There are many famous ...... products, and I hear that each producer says theirs is the most famous.
「この島の所々で聞こえてくる民謡って、なんだか心に染みるよね」="The folk songs you can hear all over the island are soothing, aren't they?
「そうですな。ほのぼのした雰囲気がこの島に合ってて、ワタシも大好きですぞ」="Yes, it is. I love it because it's so relaxing and it suits this island.
「オナニーは激しい方？」="Are you an intense masturbator?
「は、激しいオナニーとか、聞いたことないし……ワタシは、大人しい方だと、思うけど……」="I've never heard of violent masturbation. ...... I think I'm more of a gentleman. ......
「乳首とおまんこ、どっちが感じるの？」="What do you feel more, your nipples or your cunt?
「そ、それ……答えないとだめなの？　どっちって言われても、どっちも、感じると思うよ……」="I'm not sure if I have to answer that ...... question or not.　I don't know. I think I feel both. ......
「おちんちんの形に、好き嫌いある？」="Do you have a preference for the shape of your penis?
「な、無いよ……そんなの……好きも嫌いも、そんなに見た事ないし……」="No, I don't. ...... I've never seen one that I liked or disliked. ......
「そんな話題には、さすがについていけませんな」="I'm not sure I'm up for that kind of talk.
「えっと……この話題、やめにしたいなぁ」="Well, ......, I'd rather not talk about it.
