「南国のお魚だからか、明るい色のものが多いですね」=Maybe it's because they're from the tropics, but most of them are brightly colored.
「この島は紫外線の量が多いから、その紫外線を吸収しすぎないようにこんな色になってるって説があるんだよ」=There is a theory that the island is colored this way to prevent it from absorbing too much ultraviolet radiation.
「まあ、そうなのですね。お調べになったのですか？」=Oh, really? Have you looked into it?
「うん、水族館に来る前にちょっとね。カラフルなサンゴ礁に紛れて天敵に見つかりにくくしてるって説もあるんだって」=Yeah, just a little bit before we come to the aquarium. There's a theory that they blend in with the colorful coral reefs to make it harder for their natural enemies to find them.
「まあまあ、私ももっと調べてくるべきでした。この島に来たのは研修旅行で多くを学ぶためですものね」=─ Well, well, I should have done more research. I should have done more research. I came to this island to learn a lot on my study tour.
「あはは、俺は別に研修旅行だから調べてきたわけじゃないよ。[H名]との話題が増えるかと思ってさ」=I didn't do the research because I was on a study tour. I just thought it would give me something to talk about with [H名].
「そのお気持ちが嬉しいです……私の調べた魚もこの水槽にいたらよいのですが……」=I'm glad you feel that way. ...... I wish some of the fish I researched were in this tank. ......
「[H名]も調べてきてたの？」=You've been checking me out, haven't you?
「はい。図鑑を見ていたら、貴方に喜んでいただけるようなお魚がいましたので……」=Yes. I was looking through the catalog and found a fish that I thought you might enjoy. ......
「まあ！　いました、あちらにいる、隅の方でゆらゆらと泳いでいるお魚です」=Well!　There he is, that fish over there, swimming slowly in the corner.
「あれ……？　見たところ普通の魚っぽいけど？」=Hey, ......?　It looks like a normal fish.
「あのお魚を丸ごと食べると、精力が高まるそうなのです」=I've heard that eating whole fish can boost your energy.
「ぶっ……」=......
「市販の精力剤など比べ物にならないほどだそうです。もし貴方がご所望なら、漁ってきて捌こうかと思っております」=I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not. If you want, I can scrounge some up for you.
「そ、そこまではしなくて大丈夫だよ。たしかに男としては嬉しいけど……」=No, you don't have to go that far. You don't have to do that. I'm glad you're a man. ......
「ならば遠慮していただくわけにはまいりません。未来の大黒柱たる貴方にはいつまでも壮健でいらしてほしいのです」=I'll take all your thoughts as they come. I want you to be the pillar of our future, and I want you to be healthy forever.
「それとも、お魚はそこまでお好きではありませんでしたか？　でしたら山羊を仕入れてまいります。山羊は下半身に効くそうですよ」=Or maybe you don't like fish that much?　If so, I will stock up on goat. I hear goat is good for the lower half of the body.
「うん、おれは男として非常に嬉しいよ。けどとりあえず、もう少し声のボリュームをさげようか」=Yes, I'm very happy to be a man. Yeah, I'm very happy to be a man, but let's just turn down the volume a little bit, okay?
