//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.1.0 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.2
//
「この島は遊びたいレジャーが多過ぎて、迷っちゃうよね」=“There's so many activities to do on this island, it's hard to pick and choose, isn't it?”
「はは、気持ちは分かるが、欲張らず一つずつやっていけばいいさ」=“Hahah, I understand how you feel but, as long as you do them one by one, you'll get through them all.”
「海に目が行きがちだけど、山のレジャーも面白そうだね」=“I keep getting my eyes stolen by the sea but, the activities on this island are pretty interesting too, aren't they?”
「そうだな。山はいいぞ、歩くだけでも十分楽しい」=“Indeed. Mountains are quite the nice places, just taking a walk around is plenty fun.”
「綺麗な海が近くにあるのに、遊ばないのは損だと思わない？」=“With such a beautiful sea so close, don't you think we'd be losing out if we didn't have fun in it?”
「確かにな。この島の海自体がレジャー施設という感じだ」=“Indeed. The sea may as well be an amusement park unto itself, for the island.”
「遊ぶ時の道具とかにはこだわる方？」=“Are you the type to fuss about over exactly what sort of tools you use when having fun?”
「ああ、道具にこだわるのはいいことだと思うぞ。その方がより楽しめる」=“Aah, and I think it is quite the good thing to do so. You can enjoy yourself more that way.”
「島のレジャーを一日で制覇できるかな？」=“You think we could conquer all the activities on this island in one go?”
「それは無茶だな。時間的な問題もあるが、何より体力がもたないだろう」=“Not doable. Time is certainly an issue but, we're going to run out of stamina much before that, I imagine.”
「乗り物系のレジャーって、やっぱり特別感があるよね」=“Activities with things you can ride, definitely feel special, don't they?”
「普段は乗らないものが多いからな。乗るだけで気分が高まるというものだ」=“Indeed, since normally you get to ride much of anything at all, for most activities. Just getting on top of something is quite the mood fixer.”
「でっかい生き物って、もうそれだけでカッコいいと思わない？」=“Don't you think big organisms are cool just because they're big, sometimes?”
「うむ、迫力が違うからな。大きいことはいいことだ」=“Umu, the pressure they exude is simply different, after all. It is good to be big.”
「動物を見ると、つい追いかけたくなっちゃうんだよね」=“Sometimes, you just can't help but chase after some of these animals here, you know?”
「はは、ほどほどにな。動物を怯えさせてはいかんぞ」=“Hahah, do keep that under control. You mustn't go around being a terror.”
「島の植物って、独特な形してるのが多いよね」=“The local fauna has really unique shapes to it, doesn't it?”
「それだけ環境に適応しているということだろう。生態を調べるのも面白いかもしれんぞ」=“I imagine that's just how much they've adapted to the local environment. It may be interesting to check the local ecology as well.”
「この島は綺麗な花が多いよね。あったかいからかな？」=“This island has a lot of pretty flowers, doesn't it? Wonder if it's because it's so warm?”
「いつも太陽が眩しいくらいだからな。植物も自然と元気になるのだろう」=“The sun is always bright and dazzling here, certainly. I imagine the plants just get energized right up too.”
「この前、小さい妖精を見た気がするんだよね……」=“The other day, I feel like I saw this tiny fairy, you know...”
「なに、フェアリーがいたのか？　上手く懐いてくれていたら、きっといいことが起こるぞ」=“What, a fairy, you say? If you take good care of them, good things are bound to happen to you.”
「ここは空も綺麗だよね。もうずっとでも見てられるって感じ」=“The sky's just beautiful here too, isn't it? I could look at it all day.”
「ほう、貴殿は中々ロマンチストなのだな。悪くない趣味だと思うぞ」=“Hoh, you've got quite some romanticism in you, huh? Not the worst hobby one can have, certainly.”
「海の生き物って結構可愛いのが多いよね」=“There's a lot of marine life that's just straight up cute, isn't it?”
「見た目は可愛いが中には毒を持っているものもいるからな、無闇に触るのはやめておけ」=“They may look cute but a lot of them do have poison inside them, so don't go around touching them willy nilly.”
「甲殻類ってなんか愛嬌があると思わない？」=“Don't you think crustaceans have a kinda loveable charm to them?”
「ああ、目がクリクリしているものが多いからな。それで可愛く見えるのだろう」=“Aah, a lot of them do have big round eyes. I imagine that's what makes us think they're cute.”
「熱帯魚をペットにしたいなぁ……」=“I want a tropical fish as a pet...”
「きちんと育てられるならいいのではないか？　誰にでも癒しは必要だ」=“As long as you can raise it properly, why not? Everyone needs a hobby or two.”
「海底にいる生き物って、変な形してて面白いよね」=“The creatures living at the bottom of the sea floor have such weird shapes, it's really interesting, isn't it?”
「海底ではその姿が一番適しているのだろう。あちらから見たら我々の方が変かもしれないぞ」=“I imagine their forms suit them the best at such a depth. From their point of view, we may be the strange ones.”
「海って、見てるだけでワクワクしない？」=“Doesn't just looking at the sea get you excited?”
「ほう、見ていると落ち着くというのはよく聞くが……そういう考え方もあるか」=“Hoh, oftentimes people say that looking at it calms them down... I suppose you can take it that way as well.”
「魚みたいに、海の中を自由に泳げたら最高だよね」=“It would be just the best if we could swim around in the sea however we wanted to, just like fish, wouldn't it?”
「それは楽しいだろうな。海から出たくなくなりそうだ」=“I imagine it'd be quite fun, indeed. I don't think I'd want to leave if we could.”
「名産品が多過ぎて、もう全部欲しくなっちゃうよね」=“There's so many local products, you just can't help but want it all, can you?”
「あまり欲張ると後で後悔するぞ？　どうしてもと言うなら止めはしないが……」=“If you let your greed control you, you'll regret it later, you know? I will not stop you if you absolutely must, of course...”
「島の料理って、豚肉がたくさん使われてるよね」=“They use pork a lot in the local cooking, don't they?”
「そういう文化なのだろうな。余すところなく食す姿勢は好ましい」=“I imagine that's just the sort of culture they have. It is quite the preferable trait, that they eat everything without leaving anything behind.”
「飲み物も独特なのが多いよね。つい飲み過ぎちゃいそう」=“There's a lot of unique drinks here too, aren't there? I'm gonna find myself bloated before I know it.”
「はは、水分補給は大事だが、腹を壊さないようにな」=“Hahah, it is good to rehydrate but, try not to get an upset stomach.”
「可愛い系の名産品とかには、あんまり興味ない感じ？」=“Would you say you're not the biggest fan of the cute sort of local products here?”
「いや、そうでもないぞ。我に似合うかは別としてな……」=“No, I wouldn't say so. Whether they fit me is a different matter entirely, though...”
「やっぱり、ここでしか買えないものを買っておきたいよね」=“Before leaving, you'd wanna buy everything unique that you can't get elsewhere, wouldn't you?”
「ああ、思い出として残したいものなら、それが一番だろう」=“Aah, they'd make for the best mementos, after all.”
「伝統工芸品って、ちょっと高いけど欲しくなるよね」=“The traditional handicrafts here are pretty expensive but, you just can't help but want them, can you?”
「それだけの魅力があるからこそ残ってきたものなのだ。相応の対価を払うのは当然だな」=“Their undying charm is precisely why they still exist in the modern day. It is only natural to pay a suitable amount for such things.”
「キスくらいなら、どこでしてもいいよね？」=“If it's just kissing and stuff, no matter where we do it, you wouldn't mind, right?”
「どこでもはまずいだろう。例えキスだけでも、時と場所は考えるべきだと思うぞ……」=“Not absolutely anywhere. Even if it's simple kissing, I think one ought to think of the time and place...”
「暑いと解放的になるから、この島はエッチするのにピッタリだね」=“The heat makes you feel a lot more liberal, in that sense this island is perfect for having sex, isn't it?”
「まぁ、いくら軽装になっても風邪をひく心配は無さそうだな……」=“Well, certainly, catching a cold in a climate like this seems like an impossible thing, no matter how scantily you dress...”
「変わったエッチとかに興味はある？」=“Got any interest in some weird sex?”
「ど、どれだけ変わっているかによるな。少しくらいなら、いい刺激になるかもしれんが……」=“I-It would depend upon how 'weird' it is. If it's just a bit, perhaps it might make for some nice stimulation...”
「貴殿はそういう話が好きだな……しかし、我は少々苦手だ」=“You truly do love such things, don't you... however, I find them hard to handle.”
「こら、貴殿は欲望に正直すぎる。少しは自重も覚えてくれ」=“Hey, you are too honest with your desires. Have some prudence.”
