「この島は遊びたいレジャーが多過ぎて、迷っちゃうよね」=“There are so many things to do on this island, it's hard to know which one to choose.”
「はは、気持ちは分かるが、欲張らず一つずつやっていけばいいさ」=“Ha, I know how you feel, but don't be greedy, just take one thing at a time.”
「海に目が行きがちだけど、山のレジャーも面白そうだね」=“I tend to focus on the ocean, but mountain recreation sounds interesting too.”
「そうだな。山はいいぞ、歩くだけでも十分楽しい」=I agree. Mountains are good. Just walking is fun enough."
「綺麗な海が近くにあるのに、遊ばないのは損だと思わない？」=Don't you think it's a loss not to play when you have the beautiful ocean so close by?"
「確かにな。この島の海自体がレジャー施設という感じだ」=“I am sure of it. The sea on this island itself is like a leisure facility.”
「遊ぶ時の道具とかにはこだわる方？」=“Are you particular about the equipment you use when you play?”
「ああ、道具にこだわるのはいいことだと思うぞ。その方がより楽しめる」=Yeah, I think it's good that you stick to your tools," he said. It makes it more enjoyable."
「島のレジャーを一日で制覇できるかな？」="Can you conquer all the island's leisure activities in a day?"
「それは無茶だな。時間的な問題もあるが、何より体力がもたないだろう」=“That's absurd. It's not only a matter of time, but above all, it's a matter of physical strength.”
「乗り物系のレジャーって、やっぱり特別感があるよね」=“Ride-based leisure activities are very special, aren't they?”
「普段は乗らないものが多いからな。乗るだけで気分が高まるというものだ」='There's a lot of stuff I don't normally ride. Just getting on the train is enough to make you feel better."
「でっかい生き物って、もうそれだけでカッコいいと思わない？」=“Isn't it just so cool to be a big creature?”
「うむ、迫力が違うからな。大きいことはいいことだ」=Yes, it's a very powerful thing. Bigger is better."
「動物を見ると、つい追いかけたくなっちゃうんだよね」=“When I see animals, I just want to chase them.”
「はは、ほどほどにな。動物を怯えさせてはいかんぞ」=“Ha-ha, in moderation. Don't frighten the animals.”
「島の植物って、独特な形してるのが多いよね」=“Many of the island plants have unique shapes.”
「それだけ環境に適応しているということだろう。生態を調べるのも面白いかもしれんぞ」=“I guess that's how well they've adapted to their environment. It would be interesting to study its ecology.”
「この島は綺麗な花が多いよね。あったかいからかな？」=There are so many beautiful flowers on this island. Is it because it's warm?"
「いつも太陽が眩しいくらいだからな。植物も自然と元気になるのだろう」=The sun is always so bright. The plants must be naturally healthy too."
「この前、小さい妖精を見た気がするんだよね……」=“I think I saw a little fairy the other day. ......”
「なに、フェアリーがいたのか？　上手く懐いてくれていたら、きっといいことが起こるぞ」=What, there was a faerie?　If they miss you well, good things are bound to happen."
「ここは空も綺麗だよね。もうずっとでも見てられるって感じ」=“The sky is beautiful here, too. I feel like I could look at it forever.”
「ほう、貴殿は中々ロマンチストなのだな。悪くない趣味だと思うぞ」=“You are a romanticist, aren't you? Not a bad hobby.”
「海の生き物って結構可愛いのが多いよね」=I think a lot of sea creatures are pretty cute."
「見た目は可愛いが中には毒を持っているものもいるからな、無闇に触るのはやめておけ」=“They may look cute, but some of them are poisonous, so don't touch them without warning.”
「甲殻類ってなんか愛嬌があると思わない？」=“Crustaceans are kind of charming, don't you think?”
「ああ、目がクリクリしているものが多いからな。それで可愛く見えるのだろう」=Yeah, because a lot of them have crinkly eyes. That must make them look pretty."
「熱帯魚をペットにしたいなぁ……」=“I'd love to have a tropical fish as a pet. ......”
「きちんと育てられるならいいのではないか？　誰にでも癒しは必要だ」=If we can raise them properly, why not?"　Everyone needs healing."
「海底にいる生き物って、変な形してて面白いよね」=Creatures at the bottom of the ocean are funny because of their strange shapes."
「海底ではその姿が一番適しているのだろう。あちらから見たら我々の方が変かもしれないぞ」=“I suppose it is best suited to its appearance on the ocean floor," he said. From their point of view, we might look a little weird.”
「海って、見てるだけでワクワクしない？」=“Isn't the ocean exciting just to look at it?”
「ほう、見ていると落ち着くというのはよく聞くが……そういう考え方もあるか」=“Well, I've heard it said that looking at them is calming, ...... but that's one way to think of it.”
「魚みたいに、海の中を自由に泳げたら最高だよね」=It would be great to be able to swim freely in the ocean like a fish."
「それは楽しいだろうな。海から出たくなくなりそうだ」=That would be fun. You won't want to get out of the water."
「名産品が多過ぎて、もう全部欲しくなっちゃうよね」=“There are so many specialties, I want them all.”
「あまり欲張ると後で後悔するぞ？　どうしてもと言うなら止めはしないが……」=You'll regret it later if you get too greedy.　I won't stop you if you insist. ......"
「島の料理って、豚肉がたくさん使われてるよね」=“I know a lot of pork is used in the island's cuisine.”
「そういう文化なのだろうな。余すところなく食す姿勢は好ましい」=“I guess that's the culture. I like the way they eat everything.”
「飲み物も独特なのが多いよね。つい飲み過ぎちゃいそう」=“The drinks are also very unique. I might end up drinking too much.”
「はは、水分補給は大事だが、腹を壊さないようにな」=“Ha, stay hydrated, but don't get sick to your stomach.”
「可愛い系の名産品とかには、あんまり興味ない感じ？」=“Are you not really interested in pretty local specialties?”
「いや、そうでもないぞ。我に似合うかは別としてな……」=No, not really. Whether it suits me or not. ......"
「やっぱり、ここでしか買えないものを買っておきたいよね」=“I knew I wanted to buy something that I could only get here.”
「ああ、思い出として残したいものなら、それが一番だろう」=Yeah, if it's something you want to keep as a memory, that's probably best."
「伝統工芸品って、ちょっと高いけど欲しくなるよね」=“Traditional crafts are a bit expensive, but I'd love to have one.”
「それだけの魅力があるからこそ残ってきたものなのだ。相応の対価を払うのは当然だな」=It has remained because it has that much charm. It's only right that we pay a fair price for it."
「キスくらいなら、どこでしてもいいよね？」=“I mean, where else would you rather be than kissing me?”
「どこでもはまずいだろう。例えキスだけでも、時と場所は考えるべきだと思うぞ……」=“I don't think it's a good idea to be everywhere. Even if it's just a kiss, I think you should consider the time and place. ......”
「暑いと解放的になるから、この島はエッチするのにピッタリだね」=“Hot weather is liberating, so this island is perfect for sex.”
「まぁ、いくら軽装になっても風邪をひく心配は無さそうだな……」=“Well, I guess I don't have to worry about catching a cold, no matter how light I pack. ......”
「変わったエッチとかに興味はある？」=“Are you interested in unusual sex?”
「ど、どれだけ変わっているかによるな。少しくらいなら、いい刺激になるかもしれんが……」='Well, it depends on how much it's changed,' he said. A little bit might be a good stimulus. ......"
「貴殿はそういう話が好きだな……しかし、我は少々苦手だ」=You like that kind of talk, ...... but I'm not very good at it."
「こら、貴殿は欲望に正直すぎる。少しは自重も覚えてくれ」=You are too honest with your desires. You need to learn to weigh yourself a little."
