//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「どんなアクティビティがやってみたい？」=“What sort of activities do you wanna try doing?”
「そうね、普段経験できないようなことがいいわ。この島ならたくさんあるでしょ」=“Mmm, things I can't experience normally would be good. This island should have lots of those, right?”
「開放感があって、島にいるだけでレジャーって感じがするよね」=“With how liberating this place is, just being here feels like you're enjoying something fun, doesn't it?”
「はしゃぎ過ぎて疲れても知らないわよ。まぁ、はしゃぎたくなる気持ちも分かるけど」=“Don't blame me if you tire yourself out from all that running around that you do, alright? Well, not that I can't relate.”
「海もあるし、自然も多いし、色んなレジャーができるよ」=“With the sea and all the nature, you can do all sorts of things here.”
「そうね。でも逆に多すぎて迷ってしまうわ」=“Yeah. But conversely, there's so many it's hard to decide what to do.”
「もうどんなレジャーで遊ぼうか、頭がいっぱいだよ」=“Honestly, my head's full of things to do here.”
「一応、研修旅行なんだから、遊びの事ばかり考えるのはどうかと思うわよ」=“For what it's worth, this is a research trip, so I'm not sure I can approve of just thinking of having fun and nothing else.”
「この島、普通に歩いてるだけなのに、何かのアクティビティをしてる気分になるよ」=“Even just walking around the place feels like you're doing some sort of an activity or something.”
「普段と空気も景色も街並みも違うもの。ちょっとした探検気分ね」=“Of course, the air, the scenery, and even the townscape is entirely different. Almost feels like a tiny little adventure, doesn't it?”
「この島、ここでしかできないアクティビティとかあるのかな？」=“I wonder, are there activities that you can only do here?”
「ここでしか体験できないなら、ある意味研修になるわね。できるならやってみたいわ」=“If there are, they'd be part of the research we're supposed to do, in a way. I'd love to try them.”
「こんなに自然が豊かだと、心が穏やかになるよね」=“All this nature does wonders for the heart, doesn't it?”
「本当ね。まるで時間がゆっくり流れているように感じるわ」=“It really does. Time as a whole feels slower here.”
「植物も、見たことないものが沢山生えてるね」=“There's a whole lot of flora that you don't see in the city here too, isn't there?”
「気候的には亜熱帯だもの。普段は見られない植物がいっぱいよ」=“It's a subtropical climate, after all. There's going to be lots of those if you look around.”
「これだけ自然が多いと、野生の動物も沢山いるんだろうね」=“With this much nature around us, I bet there's a whole lot of wild animals around the place too.”
「もちろんよ。この島だけの固有種だっていっぱいいるはずだわ」=“Of course. And I'm sure lots of them are endemic to this island too.”
「こんなに自然が豊かなのは、あんまり人が住んでないからなのかな」=“I wonder if all this nature is because not many people live here?”
「そうね、人の営みを否定するつもりはないけど、開発されてないって事は大きいと思うわ」=“Yeah, I wouldn't say that there's no human activity at all but, I think the fact that it's not very exploited is the big one.”
「この島、自然が多いから、空気も美味しい気がするよ」=“With all this nature here, on this island, I feel like even the air is tastier.”
「車の交通量も少ないし、あながち間違ってないわね。豊かな森林のおかげよ」=“There's not many cars here either, so you're not entirely wrong about that. It's all thanks to the forests.”
「自然豊かだから、暮らしていくのは大変なのかもね」=“Life might actually be pretty hard here, with all this nature.”
「それが自然と共存って事じゃないの？　私はそういう暮らし、素敵だと思うわ」=“Isn't that just co-existing with nature though? I think a life like that would be wonderful.”
「この島の海の水って、本当に透き通ってて綺麗だよね」=“The water in the sea here is so sea through, it's really pretty, isn't it?”
「サンゴ礁があることが大きいと思うわ。後は大きな川がない事とかかしら？」=“I think the big reason behind that is all the coral reefs. And I suppose the lack of any big rivers as well?”
「この辺の魚って、見たことない種類のものが多いよね」=“There's a whole lot of unique fish around here, aren't there? I've never seen most of them before.”
「熱帯魚だけじゃなくて、色んな魚がいるみたいね。味もいいらしいわよ」=“It's not just tropical fish either, there's all kinds of fish in the water here. They taste good too, apparently.”
「穏やかな波に揺られて、ぼんやり海に浮かんでいたいな」=“Man, it'd be so nice to just mindlessly float on the sea, without a care in the world, letting the waves push me about.”
「そんな事したら、気が付いたら漂流してたなんて事になっちゃうわよ」=“You do that and you're gonna find yourself swept away to god knows where, you know.”
「この島の人って、あんまり海で泳がないって聞いたんだけど」=“I've heard that the people here don't really go swimming in the sea here.”
「そうらしいわね。こんなに奇麗なのに勿体ない気もするけど、それが文化ってことでしょ」=“Seems like it, yeah. It does feel like a waste to me, what with it being so beautiful, but I suppose that's part of the culture too, no?”
「この島の海なら、どこまでも深く潜れそうな気がするよ」=“I feel like with the sea here, you could dive as far deep as you want.”
「確かフリーダイビングの世界記録が、１１２ｍだったかしら？　まぁ、そこまでじゃなくてもいいわよね」=“If I recall correctly, the world record for free diving was 112m? Then again, you don't have to go that far down either, do you?”
「水平線を眺めてると、遠くへ行きたくなってくるんだよね」=“Looking at the horizon makes you wanna go somewhere far away, doesn't it?”
「そうね。この島も十分遠い場所だけど、世界はもっと広いものね」=“Yeah. This island's pretty far out already but, the world's much bigger than that.”
「自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物とか買ったりする？」=“Do you ever buy any of those unknown drinks from the local vending machines?”
「どうしようかしら。後学のために飲んでみたいけど、今一つ勇気が出ないのよね」=“No, I honestly don't know. I want to try them for future reference but, it's hard to work up the courage, you know?”
「この島の料理、どれも美味しいけどなかなか変わってるよね」=“The cuisine here is very good but, it's a bit strange, isn't it?”
「郷土料理も、一種の伝統文化だもの。その土地の風土に合ったものなんだと思うわ」=“Even a region's cuisine is part of its culture. So I think that's just a result of the local climate and geography.”
「この島の特産品って、いっぱいありそうだね」=“Feels like there'd be a whole lot of local specialties here, huh?”
「海のもの、山のもの、それに加工品まで、色とりどりだと思うわ」=“Things from the mountains, from the seas, and even processed goods made out of those, there's all sorts I'd say.”
「民芸品には、それぞれ由来とかありそうだよね」=“Feels like all the folk crafts here might each have their own backstory, huh?”
「風土と生活に基づいた伝統工芸品ですもの。昔の人の知恵や想いが詰まってるはずよ」=“They're traditional handicrafts originating from the climate and the way of life here. Each should be packed full of wisdom or feelings from those that came before.”
「この島、所々で民謡みたいな音楽が聞こえてくるよね」=“You can hear a kind of folk music playing in all sorts of places around this island, can't you?”
「確かにそうね。それにどれも陽気で穏やかで、この土地の空気に合っているわ」=“You definitely can. And it's all so jovial and peaceful, I think it fits the region.”
「この島のフルーツは何が食べたい？」=“Which of the local fruits do you wanna try?”
「そうね……ベタだけど、パイナップルかしら。手でちぎって食べられる種類があるらしいわよ」=“Let's see... maybe it's a bit simple but, pineapples for me. Apparently they have a variety here that you can pull apart with your hands and eat.”
「女の子ってエッチの時、どれくらい続けられるの？」=“Just how long can girls last, during sex?”
「試してみたことが無いから、わからないわ……今度、限界まで付き合ってくれる？」=“We've never tested, so I don't know... will you help me check next time?”
「お尻とおっぱい、どっちが感じる？」=“Between your boobs and your butt, where do you like it more?”
「比較した事はないけど、感じさせてくれるならどちらも同じだと思うわ」=“Not that I've ever done a comparison but, I think both are the same for me, if you're the one making me feel good.”
「自分のおまんこに自信ある？」=“Do you have confidence in your own pussy?”
「呆れた質問ね……何を自信の根拠にすればいいかわからないから、何とも言えないわ」=“What a question... I have nothing to use as a basis for it, so I can't say.”
「今の質問、聞かなかったことにしていいわね」=“I'm just going to pretend I didn't hear that question, okay?”
「アナタは何を言ってるの？　答えるわけないでしょ」=“What're you even saying? Do you think I'm going to answer?”
