「どんなアクティビティがやってみたい？」="What activity would you like to do?
「そうね、普段経験できないようなことがいいわ。この島ならたくさんあるでしょ」="Well, I'd like to do something I wouldn't normally do. This island has a lot to offer.
「開放感があって、島にいるだけでレジャーって感じがするよね」="There's a sense of freedom and leisure just being on the island.
「はしゃぎ過ぎて疲れても知らないわよ。まぁ、はしゃぎたくなる気持ちも分かるけど」="I don't want you to get tired from all the excitement. I don't want you to get overexcited and tired. - Well, I can understand why you would want to.
「海もあるし、自然も多いし、色んなレジャーができるよ」="There's the ocean, there's nature, there's all kinds of leisure activities.
「そうね。でも逆に多すぎて迷ってしまうわ」="Yes. Yes, but there are too many to choose from.
「もうどんなレジャーで遊ぼうか、頭がいっぱいだよ」="I can't stop thinking about all the things we can do.
「一応、研修旅行なんだから、遊びの事ばかり考えるのはどうかと思うわよ」="It's a study tour, you shouldn't be thinking about all the things to do.
「この島、普通に歩いてるだけなのに、何かのアクティビティをしてる気分になるよ」="I feel like I'm doing some kind of activity just walking around on this island.
「普段と空気も景色も街並みも違うもの。ちょっとした探検気分ね」="The air is different, the scenery is different, the streets are different. I feel like I'm exploring.
「この島、ここでしかできないアクティビティとかあるのかな？」="Are there any activities that can only be done here on the island?
「ここでしか体験できないなら、ある意味研修になるわね。できるならやってみたいわ」="If it's only available here, it's a kind of training. I'd like to try it if I could.
「こんなに自然が豊かだと、心が穏やかになるよね」="It's so peaceful when nature is so abundant.
「本当ね。まるで時間がゆっくり流れているように感じるわ」="It's true. It feels as if time is passing so slowly.
「植物も、見たことないものが沢山生えてるね」="There are a lot of plants here I've never seen before.
「気候的には亜熱帯だもの。普段は見られない植物がいっぱいよ」="It's a subtropical climate. The climate is subtropical, so there are a lot of plants you don't usually see.
「これだけ自然が多いと、野生の動物も沢山いるんだろうね」="With so much nature here, there must be a lot of wild animals.
「もちろんよ。この島だけの固有種だっていっぱいいるはずだわ」="Of course. I'm sure there are many species that are unique to this island.
「こんなに自然が豊かなのは、あんまり人が住んでないからなのかな」="I wonder if the reason there's so much nature here is because not many people live here.
「そうね、人の営みを否定するつもりはないけど、開発されてないって事は大きいと思うわ」="Well, I don't mean to deny that people do live here, but I think the lack of development is a big factor.
「この島、自然が多いから、空気も美味しい気がするよ」="There's a lot of nature on this island, so the air feels good.
「車の交通量も少ないし、あながち間違ってないわね。豊かな森林のおかげよ」="There's not a lot of traffic, so you're not wrong. There's not much traffic.
「自然豊かだから、暮らしていくのは大変なのかもね」="Maybe it's because of the abundance of nature that it's so difficult to live here.
「それが自然と共存って事じゃないの？　私はそういう暮らし、素敵だと思うわ」="Isn't that what coexisting with nature is all about?　I think it's a wonderful way to live.
「この島の海の水って、本当に透き通ってて綺麗だよね」="The water on this island is really clear and clean.
「サンゴ礁があることが大きいと思うわ。後は大きな川がない事とかかしら？」="I think the coral reefs are the main reason. I think the coral reefs are the main reason, and the fact that there are no big rivers.
「この辺の魚って、見たことない種類のものが多いよね」="There are a lot of species of fish around here that I've never seen before.
「熱帯魚だけじゃなくて、色んな魚がいるみたいね。味もいいらしいわよ」="Not just tropical fish, but all kinds of fish. I hear they taste good too.
「穏やかな波に揺られて、ぼんやり海に浮かんでいたいな」="I'd like to float in the ocean, swaying in the gentle waves.
「そんな事したら、気が付いたら漂流してたなんて事になっちゃうわよ」="If you do that, you'll find yourself adrift.
「この島の人って、あんまり海で泳がないって聞いたんだけど」="I've heard that the people on this island don't really swim in the sea.
「そうらしいわね。こんなに奇麗なのに勿体ない気もするけど、それが文化ってことでしょ」="That's true. It's a shame because it's so beautiful, but it's part of their culture.
「この島の海なら、どこまでも深く潜れそうな気がするよ」="I feel like I can dive as deep as I want on this island.
「確かフリーダイビングの世界記録が、１１２ｍだったかしら？　まぁ、そこまでじゃなくてもいいわよね」="I think the world record for freediving is 112 meters.　Well, it doesn't have to be that deep, does it?
「水平線を眺めてると、遠くへ行きたくなってくるんだよね」="When I look at the horizon, I feel like I want to go far away.
「そうね。この島も十分遠い場所だけど、世界はもっと広いものね」="Yes, I do. This island is far enough away, but the world is much bigger.
「自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物とか買ったりする？」="Do you want to buy a drink from the vending machine that you've never seen before?
「どうしようかしら。後学のために飲んでみたいけど、今一つ勇気が出ないのよね」="I don't know. I'd like to try one for my own sake, but I'm not sure I'm brave enough.
「この島の料理、どれも美味しいけどなかなか変わってるよね」="The food on this island is all delicious, but very different.
「郷土料理も、一種の伝統文化だもの。その土地の風土に合ったものなんだと思うわ」="Local cuisine is a kind of traditional culture. Local cuisine is a kind of traditional culture that is suited to the local climate.
「この島の特産品って、いっぱいありそうだね」="There seems to be a lot of specialties on this island.
「海のもの、山のもの、それに加工品まで、色とりどりだと思うわ」="I'm sure there's a wide variety of sea food, mountain food, and processed food.
「民芸品には、それぞれ由来とかありそうだよね」="Each folk art seems to have its own origin.
「風土と生活に基づいた伝統工芸品ですもの。昔の人の知恵や想いが詰まってるはずよ」="Traditional crafts are based on climate and lifestyle. They are traditional handicrafts based on the climate and lifestyle of the people of the past.
「この島、所々で民謡みたいな音楽が聞こえてくるよね」="You can hear folk music everywhere on this island.
「確かにそうね。それにどれも陽気で穏やかで、この土地の空気に合っているわ」="It's true. And it's all very cheerful and peaceful, which suits the local atmosphere.
「この島のフルーツは何が食べたい？」="What kind of fruit do you like to eat on this island?
「そうね……ベタだけど、パイナップルかしら。手でちぎって食べられる種類があるらしいわよ」="Well, I'm not sure, but pineapple. I've heard there's a kind you can tear off and eat with your hands.
「女の子ってエッチの時、どれくらい続けられるの？」="How long can a girl keep it up during sex?
「試してみたことが無いから、わからないわ……今度、限界まで付き合ってくれる？」="I don't know. I've never tried it. ...... Will you take me to the edge next time?
「お尻とおっぱい、どっちが感じる？」="Which do you feel more, your ass or your tits?
「比較した事はないけど、感じさせてくれるならどちらも同じだと思うわ」="I haven't compared the two, but I think they're the same as long as they make you feel good.
「自分のおまんこに自信ある？」="How confident are you in your pussy?
「呆れた質問ね……何を自信の根拠にすればいいかわからないから、何とも言えないわ」="That's a dumb question. ...... I don't know what to base my confidence on, so I can't say.
「今の質問、聞かなかったことにしていいわね」="You can pretend I didn't just ask you that.
「アナタは何を言ってるの？　答えるわけないでしょ」="What are you talking about?　I'm not going to answer that.
