「観光地だけあって、レジャーの種類が豊富だよね」=“There's a wide variety of leisure activities in this tourist area.”
「そうね、なにをして遊ぶか迷っちゃうわ♡」=“Yeah, I can't decide what to do for fun.”
「やってみたいレジャーってある？」=“Are there any leisure activities you want to try?”
「色々あるけど、誰かと一緒に出来るならなんだって楽しめると思うわ」=“There are a lot of things to do, but I think I'd enjoy anything I could do with someone.”
「この島自体が、ひとつのレジャー施設って感じだよね」=“This island is like a leisure facility in itself.”
「たしかに、それは言い得て妙ね」=“You're right. That's a good point.”
「ただ散歩してるだけでも、なんか楽しい気分になるよね」=“Even just strolling around, it's kind of fun.”
「そうねぇ……この島全体の空気感っていうのかしら？　それがのんびりとしてるから、心地良いのよね」=“Yes... I guess it's the atmosphere of the entire island, you know?　So laid-back and enjoyable.”
「こんなに身体を動かす機会って中々ないよね」=“It's not often you get the chance to exercise so much.”
「そうなの！　だから絶好のチャンスだと思って、いろんなアクティビティに挑戦してみてるわ」=“That's right!　So I've been taking advantage of the opportunity and trying out different activities.”
「二人でできるアクティビティって何があるかな？」=“What are some activities that we can do together?”
「なぁに？　デートのお誘い？」=“What do you mean?　Are you asking me out on a date?”
「本当に自然豊かなところだよね」=“It's a really beautiful place, isn't it?”
「うんうん、空気が美味しいわよね」=“Yeah yeah, the air is so nice.”
「この島固有の動物や植物って、どれくらいいるのかな？」=“I wonder how many animals and plants are indigenous to this island?”
「詳しくは知らないけど……たくさんいてもおかしくなさそうよね」=“I don't know the details... but I wouldn't be surprised if there were a lot of them.”
「この島に、まだ見つかってない新種の生き物とかいないかな？」=“I wonder if there are any new species on the island that we haven't found yet?”
「ふふ、もし見つけたら、君が名前を付けられるかもしれないわね」=“Fufu, if you find one, maybe you can name it.”
「この素敵な景観を汚してしまわない様に、俺たちも注意しないとね」=“We'll have to be careful not to spoil this beautiful scenery.”
「素晴らしい心掛けね。いつまでも、この自然を守っていきましょう」=“That's very thoughtful of you. Let's preserve this nature forever.”
「都会だと、こんなに自然の音は聞こえてこないよね」=“In the city, you don't hear many natural sounds.”
「そうね……一人きりになると波の音や生き物の声が聞こえてきて、なんだか癒されるのよね」=“True... when I was by myself, I could hear the sound of the waves and the animals... it was kind of soothing.”
「こんな自然に囲まれた場所に、別荘がほしくなるなぁ……」=“I'd love to have a vacation home in a place surrounded by nature like this...”
「ふふっ、それじゃあ頑張ってお金持ちにならないといけないわね♡」=“Fufu! Well then, you'll have to work hard to get rich♡”
「熱帯魚を見てたら、アクアリウムに凝る人の気持ちが分かった気がするよ」=“Looking at the tropical fish, I think I understand why people are into aquariums.”
「カラフルでかわいいものね～。犬や猫とはまた違った魅力があると思うわ」=“They're so colorful and cute~ I think they have a different appeal than dogs and cats.”
「この島の水平線って、本当に空と海が一つに繋がってるように見えるよね」=“The horizon of the island really looks like the sea and the sky are connected as one.”
「空も海も綺麗だものね」=“The sky and the sea are so beautiful.”
「浜辺にたまに綺麗な丸っこいガラスが落ちてるよね」=“You know, sometimes there's these beautiful round pieces of glass on the beach.”
「シーグラスって言うのよ。いくら綺麗でも、持ち帰るのは禁止されてるからダメよ？」=“It's called sea glass. And no matter how pretty it is, you're not allowed to take it home with you, you know?”
「海の生き物たちは、めちゃくちゃ広い海の中で出会って結ばれてるんだよね……すごいなぁ」=“The creatures of the sea are meeting and bonding like crazy in the middle of the ocean... it's awesome.”
「たしかに、とてもロマンチックな話ね。私達が出会えたのと同じくらい♡」=“Quite the romantic story. It's almost as romantic as our meeting♡”
「海の生き物って、なんであんなに不思議な形をしてるんだろうね？」=“I wonder why sea creatures have such strange shapes?”
「う～ん、深く考えたことなかったわ。でも確かに不思議よね、深海魚なんてエイリアンみたいな見た目してるし……」=“Hmmm, I never really thought about it, but it's strange how deep-sea fish look like aliens...”
「もし、海の生き物になれるとしたら何になりたい？」=“If you could be any sea creature, what would it be?”
「えぇっ、難しい質問ね……うーん、イルカかしら。優雅に泳いでいて気持ち良さそうよね」=“Ehh, that's a tough question... Hmm, a dolphin, I guess. They swim so gracefully and look so good.”
「普段食べてるものと、味付けの仕方がけっこう違うよね」=“The way they season their food is quite different from what we usually eat.”
「違いについて調べてみたら、面白いことが分かるかもしれないわね」=“I think it would be interesting to find out what the differences are.”
「せっかくなら、ここの食べ物と飲み物を全部制覇してみたんだよね」=“I'm trying to conquer all the food and drinks here on the island.”
「どれくらい種類があるか分からないけど、出来ないことはないんじゃない？」=“I'm not sure how many there are, but there's nothing you can't do, you know?”
「自販機の飲み物でさえも、普段全然見かけないものが多いよね」=“Even the vending machine drinks... you don't see many like them around.”
「どんな味がするんだろうって、ドキドキしながら買ってるわ」=“I get excited about how they'll taste when I buy them.”
「人へのプレゼントを選ぶのってなんか楽しくない？」=“It's no fun gift-shopping, is it?”
「すごくわかるわ～。自分の為に買ってるわけじゃないのに、不思議よね」=“I know exactly what you mean~. It feels strange that I'm not buying it for myself.”
「お店で流れてるBGMとかって、どこかで買えないのかな？」=“Is there somewhere I can buy the background music they play in the stores?”
「あの陽気な曲よね？　案外ＣＤが売ってるんじゃないかしら」=“That cheerful music?　I'm sure they sell more CDs than you think.”
「一番この島らしい名産品ってなんだと思う？」=“What do you think is the most unique product of this island?”
「一番って言われると難しいわね……どれもこの地域の特色が出ているもの」=“It's hard to say which is best... they're all unique to the region.”
「もし一日だけ女の子になれるとしたら、まずオナニーはするだろうなぁ」=“If I could be a girl for one day, the first thing I'd probably do is masturbate.”
「確かに男女の感じ方の違いは気になるわね。私も男の子になれたら、やってみようかしら」=“I'm certainly curious about the differences in the way men and women feel. Maybe I can try it if I become a boy.”
「どんな風にエッチに誘ったらきゅんとくるかな？」=“What's the best way to ask a girl to have sex with me?”
「そうねぇ……やっぱりムードを大切にしてくれることかしら」=“Oh, that... I guess it's all about the mood.”
「おまんこって、もう言葉の響きからエッチだよね」=“The word 'pussy' sounds so naughty.”
「なぁに？　私の口から言わせようとしてるの？　ふふ、そういうのはベッドの中でね……♡」=“What now?　Are you trying to get me to say it?　Fufu... that's the kind of thing I only do in bed...♡”
「うーん、そういう話をしたい気分じゃないの」=“Mmmm, I'm not in the mood for that kind of talk.”
「君はエッチな話しか出来ないわけじゃないでしょ？　他の話をしてちょうだい」=“It's not like we have to only talk about sex. Tell me something else, please.”
