「観光地だけあって、レジャーの種類が豊富だよね」=There's a wide variety of leisure activities in this tourist area.
「そうね、なにをして遊ぶか迷っちゃうわ♡」=Yeah, I can't decide what to do for fun.
「やってみたいレジャーってある？」=Are there any leisure activities you want to try?
「色々あるけど、誰かと一緒に出来るならなんだって楽しめると思うわ」=There are a lot of things to do, but I think I'd enjoy anything I could do with someone.
「この島自体が、ひとつのレジャー施設って感じだよね」=This island is like a leisure facility in itself.
「たしかに、それは言い得て妙ね」=You're right. That's a good point.
「ただ散歩してるだけでも、なんか楽しい気分になるよね」=Even just strolling around, it's kind of fun.
「そうねぇ……この島全体の空気感っていうのかしら？　それがのんびりとしてるから、心地良いのよね」=Yes, ...... is the atmosphere of this whole island.　The atmosphere of the whole island is so relaxed that it feels good.
「こんなに身体を動かす機会って中々ないよね」=It's not often you get the chance to exercise so much.
「そうなの！　だから絶好のチャンスだと思って、いろんなアクティビティに挑戦してみてるわ」=That's right!　So I've been taking advantage of the opportunity and trying out different activities.
「二人でできるアクティビティって何があるかな？」=What are some activities that we can do together?
「なぁに？　デートのお誘い？」=What do you mean?　Are you asking me out on a date?
「本当に自然豊かなところだよね」=It's a really beautiful place, isn't it?
「うんうん、空気が美味しいわよね」=Yeah, it's got great air.
「この島固有の動物や植物って、どれくらいいるのかな？」=I wonder how many animals and plants are indigenous to this island?
「詳しくは知らないけど……たくさんいてもおかしくなさそうよね」=I don't know much, but I'd be surprised if there weren't ...... many.
「この島に、まだ見つかってない新種の生き物とかいないかな？」=I wonder if there are any new species on the island that we haven't found yet?
「ふふ、もし見つけたら、君が名前を付けられるかもしれないわね」=Hmm, if you find one, maybe you can name it.
「この素敵な景観を汚してしまわない様に、俺たちも注意しないとね」=We'll have to be careful not to spoil this beautiful scenery.
「素晴らしい心掛けね。いつまでも、この自然を守っていきましょう」=That's a nice thought. It's a great idea. Let's protect this nature forever.
「都会だと、こんなに自然の音は聞こえてこないよね」=You don't get to hear the sounds of nature like this in the city.
「そうね……一人きりになると波の音や生き物の声が聞こえてきて、なんだか癒されるのよね」=Well, when I'm alone at ......, I can hear the sound of waves and creatures, and it's soothing.
「こんな自然に囲まれた場所に、別荘がほしくなるなぁ……」=I'd love to have a vacation home in a place surrounded by nature like this. ......
「ふふっ、それじゃあ頑張ってお金持ちにならないといけないわね♡」=I'd love to have a vacation home in a place surrounded by nature.
「熱帯魚を見てたら、アクアリウムに凝る人の気持ちが分かった気がするよ」=Looking at the tropical fish, I think I understand why people are into aquariums.
「カラフルでかわいいものね～。犬や猫とはまた違った魅力があると思うわ」=They're so colorful and cute. They're so colorful and cute. I think they have a different appeal than dogs and cats.
「この島の水平線って、本当に空と海が一つに繋がってるように見えるよね」=The horizon of this island really looks like the sky and the sea are connected as one, doesn't it?
「空も海も綺麗だものね」=The sky and the sea are so beautiful.
「浜辺にたまに綺麗な丸っこいガラスが落ちてるよね」=You see those beautiful round glasses on the beach sometimes?
「シーグラスって言うのよ。いくら綺麗でも、持ち帰るのは禁止されてるからダメよ？」=It's called sea glass. It's called sea glass, and no matter how beautiful it is, you can't take it home.
「海の生き物たちは、めちゃくちゃ広い海の中で出会って結ばれてるんだよね……すごいなぁ」=Sea creatures meet and bond in the wide open sea. ...... It's amazing.
「たしかに、とてもロマンチックな話ね。私達が出会えたのと同じくらい♡」=It's a very romantic story, indeed. It's almost as romantic as our meeting.
「海の生き物って、なんであんなに不思議な形をしてるんだろうね？」=I wonder why sea creatures have such strange shapes?
「う～ん、深く考えたことなかったわ。でも確かに不思議よね、深海魚なんてエイリアンみたいな見た目してるし……」=Hmmm, I never really thought about it. I've never really thought about it, but it sure is strange. Deep-sea fish look like aliens. ......
「もし、海の生き物になれるとしたら何になりたい？」=If you could be any sea creature, what would it be?
「えぇっ、難しい質問ね……うーん、イルカかしら。優雅に泳いでいて気持ち良さそうよね」=Wow, that's a tough question. ...... Hmm, a dolphin. They swim so gracefully and look so good.
「普段食べてるものと、味付けの仕方がけっこう違うよね」=The way they season their food is quite different from what we usually eat.
「違いについて調べてみたら、面白いことが分かるかもしれないわね」=I think it would be interesting to find out what the differences are.
「せっかくなら、ここの食べ物と飲み物を全部制覇してみたんだよね」=I've always wanted to try all the food and drinks here, haven't I?
「どれくらい種類があるか分からないけど、出来ないことはないんじゃない？」=I don't know how many there are, but it's not impossible, is it?
「自販機の飲み物でさえも、普段全然見かけないものが多いよね」=I don't know how many different kinds there are, but it's not impossible, right?
「どんな味がするんだろうって、ドキドキしながら買ってるわ」=I'm always excited to see what it's going to taste like.
「人へのプレゼントを選ぶのってなんか楽しくない？」=Isn't it fun to choose a gift for someone?
「すごくわかるわ～。自分の為に買ってるわけじゃないのに、不思議よね」=I understand. I know exactly what you mean. It's strange that I'm not buying for myself.
「お店で流れてるBGMとかって、どこかで買えないのかな？」=Isn't there some kind of background music in the stores that you can buy?
「あの陽気な曲よね？　案外ＣＤが売ってるんじゃないかしら」=You know, that cheerful music?　I wonder if they sell CDs.
「一番この島らしい名産品ってなんだと思う？」=What do you think is the most unique product of this island?
「一番って言われると難しいわね……どれもこの地域の特色が出ているもの」=It's hard to say. ...... All of them are unique to this region.
「もし一日だけ女の子になれるとしたら、まずオナニーはするだろうなぁ」=If I could be a girl for one day, I would masturbate first.
「確かに男女の感じ方の違いは気になるわね。私も男の子になれたら、やってみようかしら」=If I could be a girl for a day, I'd masturbate first." "I'm certainly curious about the differences in how men and women feel. If I could be a boy for a day, I would masturbate.
「どんな風にエッチに誘ったらきゅんとくるかな？」=How do you think I should ask her to have sex with me to make her fall in love with me?
「そうねぇ……やっぱりムードを大切にしてくれることかしら」=Well, ......, I think you have to be in the right mood.
「おまんこって、もう言葉の響きからエッチだよね」=The word "pussy" sounds sexually suggestive.
「なぁに？　私の口から言わせようとしてるの？　ふふ、そういうのはベッドの中でね……♡」=What is it?　Are you trying to get me to say it?　What? Are you trying to get me to say it?
「うーん、そういう話をしたい気分じゃないの」=Well, I'm not in the mood to talk about it.
「君はエッチな話しか出来ないわけじゃないでしょ？　他の話をしてちょうだい」=Well, I'm not in the mood to talk about that. - You can't only talk about sex, can you?　Tell me something else.
