//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.2 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「色んなレジャーがあるから、全部体験するのは大変そうだね」=“There are so many things to do, it must be hard to experience them all.”
「だからこそ挑戦のし甲斐があるかと存じます」=“That's why I think it's worth the challenge.”
「どのレジャーも体力が必要だけど、大丈夫？」=“You okay with all these leisure activities requiring physical strength?”
「流石に殿方には敵いませんが、日頃から運動は欠かさずしておりますので、問題ございません」=“I'm no match for the gents, but I always exercise, so it's no problem.”
「今日もいい汗をかけそうだね」=“Seems you're gonna work up a good sweat today.”
「ええ。絶好の運動日和かと思います」=“Ehh. I think it's a perfect day for a workout.”
「その……男は筋肉質な方がいいと思う？」=“Um... do you think that men should be muscular?”
「一般的な女性の好みは分かりませんが……私個人は特にそういった趣向はございません」=“I don't know what the average woman likes... but I personally don't have that kind of preference.”
「なんかさ、特に用事もないのに出歩いちゃうよね」=“I don't know, I just tend to wander around when I don't have anything to do.”
「分かります。景色が良いので、私も気が付けば散歩をしています」=“I understand. I find myself going for walks because the scenery is so nice.”
「二人で出来るレジャーもたくさんあるよね」=“There's a lot of leisure activities that we can do together.”
「友人と楽しむ為もあるかと思いますが……主な客層は恋人なのでしょうね。かっぷる用の割引がありました」=“I'm pretty sure they're mostly for friends... but I think the main clientele are lovers. There's a discount for couples.”
「この島に未知の生物とかいないかな？」=“I wonder if there are any unknown creatures on this island?”
「まだ発見されていない生き物は数多く存在しているそうなので、可能性は否定出来ないかと存じます」=“I've heard that there are many creatures that have yet to be discovered on this island, so there's no denying the possibility.”
「ここは空気が美味しいから、つい深呼吸をしたくなるよね」=“The air is so good here that you just want to breath deeply.”
「分かります。海では潮風を感じ、公園では自然の息吹を感じることが出来るので、大変癒されますよね」=“I understand. You can enjoy the sea breeze at the ocean, and the breath of the nature in the part... it's so relaxing!”
「ガイドブックに書いてたけど、珍しい動物や植物がいっぱいいるみたいだね」=“I read in the guidebook that there are a lot of rare animals and plants here.”
「少々出歩いただけでも、変わった植物は見かけますね。色々な発見がありますので、もっと探索しようと考えております」=“Even if you go for a short walk, you see some unusual plants. There's so much to discover, and I'm planning to explore more.”
「聞いたことがあるんだけど、枝葉の揺れる音は癒しの効果があるんだって」=“I've heard that the sound of swaying branches and leaves has a healing effect.”
「癒し……確かに納得できます。これからは森林浴を日課にするべきでしょうか……貴方もいかがですか？」=“Healing... that really makes sense. Should I make forest bathing a part of my daily routine... would you like to join me?”
「こういう自然に囲まれた場所に別荘がほしいなぁ……」=“I'd like to have a vacation home in a place surrounded by nature...”
「別荘とは違うかもしれませんが、自然に囲まれた茶室には憧れがあります。偶に野点を行うのも楽しそうです」=“It might not even be a vacation home... I long for a tea room surrounded by nature. It'd be fun to do a field trip once in a while!”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって伝承があるらしいよ」=“I heard that there old folklore that says spirits live on this island.”
「ずっと島の自然を見守って下さっているのでしょうね。叶う事ならお礼を伝える為に、一度お会いしたいものです」=“I guess they've been watching over the island for a long time. If it were possible, I'd like to meet them to express my gratitude.”
「魚を飼ったことってある？」=“Have you ever owned a fish?”
「お庭に金魚がいます。祖父が大切に育てていて、私も偶にご飯をあげていますよ」=“There are goldfish in my garden. My grandfather takes good care of them and I feed them occasionally.”
「深海魚って美味しいのかな？」=“Do you think deep-sea fish are tasty?”
「えぇと……申し訳ないのですが、その様な知識には疎く……美味しいお魚もいるのではないでしょうか？」=“Er, um... I'm sorry, but I don't know anything about that... but I'm sure some of the fish are good eating.”
「こんなに綺麗な海で泳げるなんて、最高だよね」=“It's great to be able to swim in such beautiful waters.”
「はい。正直に申しますと、私も気持ちが昂っております」=“Yes. I have to admit, I'm excited, too.”
「水族館の魚を見て、美味しそうって思ったことはある？」=“Have you ever looked at a fish in an aquarium and thought, "That looks delicious!”
「……考えたこともありませんでした。確かに、水槽によっては食用のお魚も展示されていますね」=“...I've never thought about it. Sure, some tanks have edible fish on display.”
「海が綺麗だし、いつまでも泳いでいたいよね」=“The ocean is so beautiful, I wish I could swim in it forever.”
「ええ、分かります。素敵な島なので、離れることが名残惜しくて……」=“Ehhh, I understand. It's a beautiful island and it's a shame I'll have to leave...”
「綺麗な海を守る為に、ごみ拾いをしようと思うんだ」=“I'm going to pick up trash to protect the beautiful sea.”
「立派な心掛けかと存じます。私もお手伝いいたします」=“I think it's a noble gesture. I'll be happy to assist you.”
「食べ物も飲み物も、なんていうか独特だよね」=“The food and drinks are kinda of unique.”
「風土の違いなのでしょうね。食文の観点から、この島について調べてみるのも興味深いかもしれません」=“Must be the difference in climate. It might be interesting to investigate the island from a dietary perspective.”
「ここのお菓子はもう食べた？」=“Have you tried the sweets here yet?”
「ええ、こちらのお餅をいただきました。黒糖の風味がとても美味しかったですよ」=“Ehh, I had some rice cakes here. The brown sugar flavor was really delicious.”
「噂で聞いたんだけど、湿布のにおいがする飲み物が売ってるらしいよ」=“I heard a rumor that they sell a drink that smells like a poultice.”
「ま、誠ですか？　湿布のにおい……どの様な味がするのか全く想像がつきません」=“Are you serious? I can't imagine what a poultice smells like... or tastes like!”
「お店を見て回るだけでも楽しいよね」=“It's fun just to look around the stores.”
「はい。楽しさのあまり、つい長居をするものですから……お店の方は私の顔を覚えていらっしゃるかもしれません」=“Yes. I enjoy myself so much that I stay longer than I should... the store owners probably remember my face.”
「勝手なイメージだけど、贈り物を選ぶのが上手そうだよね」=“I know it's a self-serving image, but you seem to be very good at picking out gifts.”
「茶道でお菓子を見繕う機会はございますが……それだけですよ？　お茶に合うかどうかが分かるぐらいです」=“I've had the opportunity to pick up sweets at tea ceremonies... but that's all, you know? It enough just to know if something goes good with tea.”
「可愛らしい名産品も色々あるけど、何か気になるものはあった？」=“There are all kinds of lovely local products. Did you see anything that caught your eye?”
「ご当地きゃらくたぁの絵柄が刷られた商品がいつくつかありまして……とても心が惹かれております」=“There are a number of products that have local characters printed on them... I'm very fascinated by them.”
「その……変態とか、すけべって罵ってくれない？」=“Um... would you call me a pervert, or a slut?”
「……変態。あの……これでよろしいのでしょうか？」=“...a pervert. Um... am I right?”
「やってみたいエッチってある？」=“Are there certain types of sex you want to try?”
「性に関する知識自体がそれ程ありませんので、特には思いつかないです」=“I don't know much about sex itself, so I can't really think of anything.”
「舐められるのって好き？」=“Do you like it when I lick you?”
「気持ちが良いですから、嫌いではございません」=“It feels good, so I don't mind.”
「……もう少々、話題を選んでいただけませんか？」=“...geez, could you try picking some other topics?”
「私にはなんのことか分かりません」=“I don't know what you're talking about.”
