「なにか気になるレジャーはあった？」="Did you find anything of interest?
「ええ、あり過ぎて困ってるぐらい。研修を忘れないように気をつけながら、私も遊んでみるつもりよ」="Yes, there are so many that I am in trouble. I'm going to try to play with them, making sure I don't forget my training.
「運動は得意な方なの？」="Are you a good athlete?
「ちょっとどんくさいと思われることがあるんだけど、これでも意外と動けるのよ？　ふふっ」="Sometimes people think I'm a bit dull, but I'm still quite mobile.　Hmm.
「温かいから、歩いてるだけで汗がめっちゃ出ちゃうよ」="It's so warm, I'm sweating just walking around.
「まぁ、大変！　私が拭いてあげましょうか？」="Oh, my God!　Do you want me to wipe it off for you?
「遊べるところがいっぱいあるから、運動不足に困ることはなさそうだね」="There are so many places to play, I don't think I'll have any trouble exercising.
「ふふっ、そうね～。でも遊ぶのに夢中になり過ぎちゃダメよ？　しっかり休憩をとってね」="That's true. But don't get too carried away with playing.　Take a break.
「二人で出来るアクティビティって、なにがあるかな？」="What are some activities we can do together?
「あら、もしかしてひとりでやってみるのが怖いの？　うふふ、可愛いわね♪」="Oh, are you afraid to try it alone?　You're so cute!
「もっと体力をつけたいと思ってんだよね」="I'm trying to get stronger, you know?
「ふふっ、あなたが今以上に元気になったら、お世話をするのが大変そうね。でも良いことだと思うわ♪」="It will be hard to take care of you when you are more energetic than you are now. But I think it's a good thing.
「当たり前のことだけど、島全体が南国って感じがするよね」="I know it's obvious, but the whole island has a tropical feel to it.
「うふふ、わかるわ。島の人も動物も自然も……南国って感じよね」="I know, I know. The people, animals and nature on the island are ...... tropical.
「木々のさざめきを聞いてると、なんだか眠くなってくるんだよね」="Listening to the rustling of the trees makes me feel sleepy.
「うふふ、本当に眠たくなったら言ってね。子守唄をうたってあげるわ」="Mmmm, let me know when you feel really sleepy. I'll sing you a lullaby.
「この島にしか住んでない虫とかいるのかな？」="Do you think there are any insects that live only on this island?
「どう、かしら？　……正直なことを言っちゃうと、いたとしてもあんまり出会いたくないわ～」="I don't know.　I don't know. ...... To be honest, if there are, I don't really want to meet them.
「森林浴って気持ちがいいよね」="Forest bathing feels good, doesn't it?
「わかるわ～。空気が気持ち良くて、小鳥さんのさえずりが聞こえてきて……すっごくリラックスできるわよね」="I know what you mean. The air feels good, the birds are chirping, and it's ...... very relaxing.
「この島でも、自然を保護する活動は行われてるみたいだね」="I heard that there are activities to protect the nature on this island.
「私たちにもお手伝いできることがあれば、積極的にやっていきましょうか」="If there's anything we can do to help, let's do it.
「老後はこういう自然豊かな所で暮らしたいかも……」="Maybe I want to live in a place with rich nature like this when I get old. ......
「あらあら、もうそんな先のことまで考えているの？　ふふっ、あなたはえらいわね～」="Oh my god, you're already thinking that far ahead?　You're so good!
「やっぱり、この辺りには珍しい魚がたくさんいるんだろうね」="There must be a lot of rare fish around here.
「水族館の水槽もとってもカラフルだったから、きっとそうね～。どんな子がいるのか、もっと出会ってみたいわ」="The aquarium's tank was very colorful, so it must be true. The aquarium tank was very colorful.
「海もだけど、砂浜もすごく綺麗だよね」="The sea is beautiful, but so are the beaches.
「うんうん、分かるわ～。太陽に照らされた青い海と白い砂浜を初めてみたとき、しばらく見惚れちゃったもの」="Yes, I know what you mean. When I first saw the blue ocean and the white sandy beach lit up by the sun, I was mesmerized for a while.
「深海魚って、可愛いと思う？」="Do you think deep-sea fish are cute?
「キュートな見た目をしてると思うわ♪　飼うのは難しいみたいだから残念ね～」="I think they're cute looking... It's a pity they're so hard to keep.
「海の生き物の中だと、なにが一番好き？」="What do you like best among the sea creatures?
「うーん、一番を決めなきゃいけないのね～……どの子も可愛いから難しいわ」="Hmmm, I have to choose one. ...... They're all so cute, it's hard to decide.
「この島でも、海水から塩を作ってるのかな？」="Do they make salt from seawater on this island?
「近くの島では盛んに作られてるみたいよ～。ブランド化されてるから、ここでも販売していたわ」="It seems that the nearby islands are producing salt very actively. It's branded and they sell it here.
「魚を見て可愛いと思う？　それとも美味しそうと思う？」="Do you think the fish are cute or tasty?　Do you think they're cute or do you think they're tasty?
「可愛いとは思うけど……やっぱり調理の仕方を想像しちゃうかも。どんな風にしたら美味しいんだろう……とかね」="I think it's cute, but ...... I can't help but imagine how to cook it. I think it's pretty, but I imagine how it should be cooked. ......
「食べただけで、料理の味を再現出来たりする？　出来るなら、島の料理を作ってみてほしいなぁ」="Can you recreate the taste of a dish just by eating it?　If I could, I'd like you to try to make some of my island dishes.
「ごめんね、使ってる調味料は分かっても、再現は難しいの。でもメニューを教えてもらえたら、できるかもしれないわ」="I'm sorry, but even though I know what seasonings are used, I can't recreate them. I'm sorry, but even though I know the seasonings they use, I can't recreate them. But if you could tell me the menu, I might be able to.
「自販機で売られてる飲み物も、なんか珍しいものばっかりだよね」="The drinks they sell in the vending machines are all very unusual, aren't they?
「気になったから色々買ってみたんだけど、どれも美味しかったわ♪　きっとあなたも気に入るはずよ」="I was curious, so I bought some, and they were all delicious.
「こっちのお菓子は食べてみた？」="Have you tried this one?
「紅芋味のおやつを買ってみたわ。たくさんあるから、今度一緒に食べる？」="I bought some red potato flavored snacks. I bought some red potato-flavored snacks. I have a lot of them.
「来る前は全然知らなかったけど、色んな工芸品があるんだね」="I didn't know about this before I came here, but there are so many different crafts.
「私も事前に読んだガイドブックで初めて知ったわ。写真で見ても素敵だったけど、やっぱり実際に見た方がもっと素敵ね～」="I didn't know anything about it before I came, but there are so many different kinds of crafts. I read about it in a guidebook before I came here.
「色んな名産品があるから、何を人に贈るか迷うよね」="There are so many different local specialties, it's hard to decide what to give as a gift.
「お買い物をしてると、どんどん目移りしちゃうわよね～。気が付いたらかごの中がパンパンになってるの」="There are so many different local products, it's hard to decide what to give to someone. When you're shopping, you can't stop looking and before you know it, your basket is filled to the brim.
「女の子が喜びそうな可愛い名産品も売られてるよね」="There are cute local products that girls would love.
「そうなの～！　すっかり心を奪われちゃったんだけど、ちょっとお値段が……残念だわ～」="Oh, yeah!　I'm completely fascinated by them, but the prices are a bit ...... disappointing.
「オナニーの時は、どこを弄るの？」="Where do you play with your clit when you masturbate?
「やっぱりクリちゃんを弄ることが多いわね」="I play with my clitoris most of the time.
「エッチなおもちゃって持ってるの？」="Do you have any naughty toys?
「ううん、でも調べてみたことはあるわ。正直に言うと、ちょっと興味があるの」="No, but I've looked into it. No, but I've looked into it and I have to admit, I'm a little curious.
「実は母乳が出たりしない？」="Does it actually produce breast milk?
「もう……私の初めての人があなたなのは知ってるでしょ？　赤ちゃんがいないんだから、出たりしないわ」="You know you're already ...... my first, right?　I don't have a baby, so I wouldn't.
「そういうお話は、あなたにはまだ早いわ」="You're not ready for that kind of talk.
「エッチなお話をしてくるなんて……背伸びをしてるのかしら」="I don't think you're ...... tall enough to talk to me about sex.
