//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「この島、アクティビティがいっぱいあるね」=“This island has a whole lot of activities, doesn't it?”
「そうね。ありすぎて、まるで全貌が掴めないけど」=“Yeah. So many, I don't think you could get the whole picture if you tried.”
「島自体が魅力あるから、ここに来ただけでもレジャー感があるね」=“This island itself is charming enough on its own, just being here feels like an activity in itself, you know?”
「確かに、この島は魅力的だと思うけど、レジャー感は何とも言えないわ」=“I agree that this place has a lot of charm but, I can't say anything about it feeling like an activity.”
「どんなアクティビティをやってみたい？」=“What sort of activities do you wanna try doing?”
「どうせなら、滅多にできないことがやってみたいわ……」=“I mean, we might as well try doing some rare things...”
「ちょっと散歩してるだけなのに、まるでアクティビティしてる感覚だよ」=“Even just taking a walk feels like you're doing some sort of fancy activity.”
「アクティビティは言いすぎな気がするけど、普段と違うのは確かね」=“That sounds like an overexaggeration to me but, you're not wrong in that it feels different.”
「この島、一日中ずっとレジャーが出来そうだね」=“Bet you could spend an entire day doing things and not get bored here.”
「さすがに、一日中ずっとレジャーをしてたら、疲れてしまうと思うわ」=“I'm pretty sure you'd get tired out long before that.”
「こんな素敵な島でレジャーが楽しめるなんて最高だね」=“It's insane that we get to enjoy running around in a place like this, isn't it?”
「言っておくけど、名目は研修旅行なのよ？　その辺大丈夫なのかしら」=“For what it's worth, we're here on a study tour, you know? Are we going to be okay not studying?”
「これだけ自然が豊かだと、空気も美味しく感じるよね」=“With this much nature around us, even the air feels tastier, doesn't it?”
「確かに、排気ガスは少ないだろうし、空気が綺麗なのは間違いないと思うわ」=“Certainly, there's no exhaust fumes or whatever else either, so I'm sure that the air is measurably cleaner.”
「原生林とかに迷い込んだら、出て来られないかも知れないね」=“I bet if you got lost in one of those virgin forests, you're never coming back out.”
「特に夜は暗いから、周りが何も見えないでしょうね」=“The risk would be especially high at night, what with being unable to see and all, I imagine.”
「これだけ人の手が入ってないと、やっぱり生活は不便なのかな」=“I wonder if living here's inconvenient? There's so little human infrastructure here.”
「便利なことになれてしまった人には、不便なのかも知れないわね」=“It likely is inconvenient, or atleast it would be for people like us, who're too used to convenience.”
「折角残された自然なんだから、しっかり守らなきゃいけないと思うんだ」=“This is almost all the nature we have left, I think we need to protect it while we still have it.”
「人の手で守れる自然なんて、結局人のための自然な気がしてならないけど……」=“Nature that's kept alive by human hands would be nothing but an artificial version we've kept for ourselves...”
「この島、色んな場所で野生動物が見れるんだろうな」=“I bet you can see a whole lot of wild animals all over the place here.”
「そうね。人間の生活圏と折り合いを付けて、逞しく生きてると思うわ」=“Yeah. I think they're holding out quite impressively, evolving alongside humanity's ecology.”
「さすがは亜熱帯だね。普段は見かけない植物がいっぱいだよ」=“This place is full of plants I've never seen before. I guess that's the south for you.”
「どうせなら、そういうものの生態を調べれば、研修になるんじゃないの？」=“Since we're here, we might as well study them. Won't that take care of the 'research' part of this trip too?”
「この島の海は本当に綺麗だよね」=“The sea here really is beautiful, isn't it?”
「海はその土地によっての良さがあると思うわ。確かに、ここの海は水が綺麗ね」=“I do think that every sea has different value, based on what piece of land it's connected to. This island's sea really is a beautiful one.”
「こんな綺麗な海を眺めていたら、時間の事とか忘れちゃいそうだな」=“Staring at a sea this beautiful, you can almost forget the passage of time, can't you?”
「そうね。静かだし、ずっと見ていても飽きないでしょうね」=“Yeah. It's really quiet and, it doesn't get tiring no matter how much you look.”
「この島の人たちは、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=“Seems like the people here don't really swim much.”
「らしいわね。あんまり身近にありすぎると価値観が違ってくるのかしら」=“Seems like it. I wonder if it's because they live so close to it?”
「この辺の魚って、普段目にしないものが多いよね」=“You never see the fish they have here in the city, do you?”
「まるで生きてるものが違うなんて、海は繋がってるのに不思議よね」=“It's almost as if entirely different ones live in the sea here. Considering the sea is connected, it's pretty insane, isn't it?”
「波も穏やかだし、海に浮かんでぼーっとしてみたいな」=“The waves here are so gentle too, I wanna just get on a floater and just float around a bit.”
「そのまま、好きな所に流れて行けそうね、それも案外面白いかも知れないわ」=“And if you're lucky, you might get swept away somewhere nice. That might be pretty fun in its own way.”
「やっぱり、海を見るとテンションが上がるよね」=“Looking at the sea really has a way of making you excited, doesn't it?”
「人それぞれだと思うわよ。逆に心が落ち着く人もいるんじゃないかしら」=“I think that's different for each person. Aren't there people out there who feel at peace looking at the sea?”
「周りが海に囲まれてるから、海産物は豊富なんだろうね」=“With the fact that this place is surrounded by water, I bet there's tons of marine products that they harvest too.”
「そうね。海ブドウとかもずくとかよく耳にするもの」=“Yeah. You hear a lot about sea grapes and mozuku and the like, after all.”
「サトウキビが取れるから、名物は甘いモノが多いのかな」=“I wonder if the local food products are mostly sweet? You can harvest sugarcane here, no?”
「どうかしら。島唐辛子や塩もあるみたいだから、甘いだけじゃないんでしょ」=“I don't know about that. They harvest chilli peppers and make salt from the sea as well so, can you really say that?”
「自販機で売ってる、見たことないような飲み物ってどう思う？」=“What do you think about all those drinks in those vending machines? I've never seen them before.”
「どうって、売ってるんだから飲めるんでしょ。私が飲むかどうかは別だけど」=“What do I think, they're selling them so clearly you can drink them. Whether I will or not is a different story.”
「民芸品って興味ある？」=“Got any interest in folk crafts?”
「そうね、手に取って眺めるぐらいには、興味はあると思うわよ」=“Yeah, I suppose I do have some, atleast enough to pick them up to look at them.”
「南国なだけあって、色んな種類のフルーツがあるよね」=“There's all sorts of fruits here, aren't there? This really is the south.”
「完全に気候が違うもの。聞いたことないようなフルーツもあるみたいよ」=“The climate is entirely different, after all. Seems like they have some fruits that we've never heard of before as well.”
「この島の民謡とかって、明るい雰囲気のものが多いよね」=“The folk songs here tend to be very cheerful, don't they?”
「島の気候とか風土とか、それに人柄みたいなのものも現れるんじゃないかしら」=“I imagine that's just the local climate, the local land and even just the personalities of the people at work.”
「自分はオナニーが上手だと思う？」=“Do you think you're good at masturbation?”
「何を聴いてるのよ……比較対象がないから答えようがないわ」=“What're you even asking me... I have no standard to measure against so I can't even answer you.”
「おまんこを触られるのは好き？」=“Do you like it when I touch your pussy?”
「そんなこと聴いてどうするのよ……まぁ、ただ乱暴に触られるのは嫌だけど……」=“What are you even asking that for... Well, I'm definitely not going to like it if you're rough about it, but...”
「お尻とおっぱいどっちが感じる？」=“Between your butt and your boobs, where do you like it more?”
「その時によるわよ……あまり変な事聞かないで……」=“That depends on what you do at the time... don't ask me so many weird things, dummy...”
「そんなハレンチな事、答えられないわ」=“I can't answer something so lewd.”
「悪いけど……その質問に答える気はないから」=“Sorry but... I'm not going to answer that question.”
