「この島、アクティビティがいっぱいあるね」=There's so much to do on this island.
「そうね。ありすぎて、まるで全貌が掴めないけど」=Yes, there are. There's so much to do, it's hard to get an idea of it all.
「島自体が魅力あるから、ここに来ただけでもレジャー感があるね」=The island itself is fascinating, so just being here gives you a sense of leisure.
「確かに、この島は魅力的だと思うけど、レジャー感は何とも言えないわ」=Yes, I think the island is fascinating, but I can't say the same about the leisure aspect.
「どんなアクティビティをやってみたい？」=What kind of activities would you like to do?
「どうせなら、滅多にできないことがやってみたいわ……」=I'd like to do something I don't get to do very often anyway. ......
「ちょっと散歩してるだけなのに、まるでアクティビティしてる感覚だよ」=I feel like I'm doing an activity when I'm just walking around.
「アクティビティは言いすぎな気がするけど、普段と違うのは確かね」=I think "activity" is an overstatement, but it's definitely different.
「この島、一日中ずっとレジャーが出来そうだね」=This island looks like it could be used for all-day leisure.
「さすがに、一日中ずっとレジャーをしてたら、疲れてしまうと思うわ」=I think I'd be exhausted if I spent all day at leisure.
「こんな素敵な島でレジャーが楽しめるなんて最高だね」=It's so nice to be able to enjoy leisure on such a beautiful island.
「言っておくけど、名目は研修旅行なのよ？　その辺大丈夫なのかしら」=I should warn you, it's a study tour.　I don't know if you can handle that.
「これだけ自然が豊かだと、空気も美味しく感じるよね」=With so much nature here, the air must be delicious.
「確かに、排気ガスは少ないだろうし、空気が綺麗なのは間違いないと思うわ」=Yeah, I'm sure the air is cleaner with less exhaust fumes.
「原生林とかに迷い込んだら、出て来られないかも知れないね」=If you wander into a virgin forest, you might not be able to come out.
「特に夜は暗いから、周りが何も見えないでしょうね」=Especially at night, when it's dark and you can't see a thing.
「これだけ人の手が入ってないと、やっぱり生活は不便なのかな」=I wonder if it's inconvenient to live in a place with so little human intervention.
「便利なことになれてしまった人には、不便なのかも知れないわね」=Maybe it's inconvenient for people who are used to convenience.
「折角残された自然なんだから、しっかり守らなきゃいけないと思うんだ」=I think we have to protect the nature that is left to us.
「人の手で守れる自然なんて、結局人のための自然な気がしてならないけど……」=I feel that nature that can be protected by human hands is only nature for humans. ......
「この島、色んな場所で野生動物が見れるんだろうな」=I'm sure there's a lot of wildlife to see on this island.
「そうね。人間の生活圏と折り合いを付けて、逞しく生きてると思うわ」=I guess so. I'm sure you'll see wildlife in many places on this island.
「さすがは亜熱帯だね。普段は見かけない植物がいっぱいだよ」=It is indeed subtropical. There's a lot of plants you don't normally see.
「どうせなら、そういうものの生態を調べれば、研修になるんじゃないの？」=Wouldn't it be a good idea to study the ecology of these things anyway?
「この島の海は本当に綺麗だよね」=The sea on this island is really beautiful, isn't it?
「海はその土地によっての良さがあると思うわ。確かに、ここの海は水が綺麗ね」=I think the sea has its own merits depending on where you are. I think each place has its own unique qualities, and the water here is really clean.
「こんな綺麗な海を眺めていたら、時間の事とか忘れちゃいそうだな」=I think I'll forget about time when I'm gazing at this beautiful sea.
「そうね。静かだし、ずっと見ていても飽きないでしょうね」=Yes, it is. It's so quiet, you could stare at it for hours and never get tired of it.
「この島の人たちは、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=I heard that people on this island don't swim in the sea very often.
「らしいわね。あんまり身近にありすぎると価値観が違ってくるのかしら」=That's true. I wonder if they have a different sense of value if they are too familiar with it.
「この辺の魚って、普段目にしないものが多いよね」=You don't see many fish around here, do you?
「まるで生きてるものが違うなんて、海は繋がってるのに不思議よね」=It's amazing how different the living things are, even though the ocean is connected.
「波も穏やかだし、海に浮かんでぼーっとしてみたいな」=The waves are calm. I'd like to float in the ocean and just relax.
「そのまま、好きな所に流れて行けそうね、それも案外面白いかも知れないわ」=I think I could just drift off to wherever I wanted. That would be interesting.
「やっぱり、海を見るとテンションが上がるよね」=It's always nice to see the ocean, isn't it?
「人それぞれだと思うわよ。逆に心が落ち着く人もいるんじゃないかしら」=I think it depends on the person. I think it depends on the person. Some people find it calming.
「周りが海に囲まれてるから、海産物は豊富なんだろうね」=Surrounded by the sea, there must be a lot of seafood here.
「そうね。海ブドウとかもずくとかよく耳にするもの」=I guess so. I hear a lot about sea grapes and mozuku seaweed.
「サトウキビが取れるから、名物は甘いモノが多いのかな」=Maybe because of the sugar cane, a lot of the specialties are sweet.
「どうかしら。島唐辛子や塩もあるみたいだから、甘いだけじゃないんでしょ」=I don't know. I don't know. They also have chili peppers and salt, so it's not just sweet.
「自販機で売ってる、見たことないような飲み物ってどう思う？」=What do you think of those drinks they sell in the vending machines that you've never seen before?
「どうって、売ってるんだから飲めるんでしょ。私が飲むかどうかは別だけど」=I don't know. They sell it, so it must be drinkable. I don't know if I would drink it or not.
「民芸品って興味ある？」=Are you interested in folk art?
「そうね、手に取って眺めるぐらいには、興味はあると思うわよ」=Well, I think I'd be interested enough to pick it up and look at it.
「南国なだけあって、色んな種類のフルーツがあるよね」=There are so many different kinds of fruits in this tropical country.
「完全に気候が違うもの。聞いたことないようなフルーツもあるみたいよ」=It's a completely different climate. It's a completely different climate. There are fruits you've never heard of.
「この島の民謡とかって、明るい雰囲気のものが多いよね」=A lot of the folk songs on this island are very cheerful.
「島の気候とか風土とか、それに人柄みたいなのものも現れるんじゃないかしら」=I think it's the climate, the climate and the personality of the island.
「自分はオナニーが上手だと思う？」=Do you think you're a good masturbator?
「何を聴いてるのよ……比較対象がないから答えようがないわ」=What are you listening to? ...... I can't answer that because I have nothing to compare it to.
「おまんこを触られるのは好き？」=Do you like having your cunt touched?
「そんなこと聴いてどうするのよ……まぁ、ただ乱暴に触られるのは嫌だけど……」=What are you asking me? ...... Well, I just don't like to be touched roughly. ......
「お尻とおっぱいどっちが感じる？」=Which do you feel more, ass or tits?
「その時によるわよ……あまり変な事聞かないで……」=That depends. ...... Don't ask too many weird questions. ......
「そんなハレンチな事、答えられないわ」=I don't know how to answer that question.
「悪いけど……その質問に答える気はないから」=I'm sorry, ......, but I'm not going to answer that question.
