//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「遊び過ぎて、筋肉痛になりそうなんだよね」=“I've been playing so much, I'm getting sore muscles.”
「ま、そうなったら安静にするんだな。おまえの分まであたしが遊んでくるから安心してなって」=“Well, when that happens, you need to take it easy. Don't worry, I'll play for you.”
「身体を動かすのって好き？」=“Do you like to exercise?”
「好きだよ。スポーツでかく汗は気持ちいいしな」=“Yes, I do. And it feels good to sweat when I play sports.”
「海と山、どっちで遊ぶのが好き？」=“Which do you like more, the beach or the mountains?”
「誰と何をするかっていう状況次第だな。あたし一人なら、静かで落ち着けそうな山がいいな」=“It depends on the situation, and who I'm with. If it's just me, I like to be alone in the mountains, where it's quiet and relaxing.”
「やっぱりお一人様用のレジャーは、そんなにないみたいだね」=“I guess there aren't that many leisure activities for one person here, after all.”
「家族や恋人、友達と楽しむものだし、それが普通だろ？　完全に一人専用ってのは需要がないんじゃないか」=“It's normal to enjoy things with family, lovers, and friends, right? I don't there's a lot of demand for solo versions.”
「みんなから『一緒に遊ぼう』って誘われてそうだよね」=“It seems like everyone is inviting you to 'hang out' with them.”
「ああ、よく誘われるよ。理由は……なんとなく察してるけど」=“Ohh, I get asked a lot. I'm still guessing at the reasons.”
「男は筋肉質な方がモテルのかな？」=“Do you think women are more attracted to muscular men?”
「それは人の好み次第じゃないか？　マッチョが好きな人もいれば、ちょっとふくよかな方がいいとか色々あるだろうし」=“It depends on taste. Some like them macho, but there's a lot of others who like them a little plump.”
「自然が綺麗だからか、空気が美味しいよね」=“Maybe it's because of the beautiful nature, but the air here is so nice.”
「ああ、わかるわかる。美味しいから、意味もなく深呼吸したくなってくるよなー」=“Ohh, I know what you mean. It's so nice, I just want to take deep breaths for no reason.”
「南国らしい植物はすぐイメージつくけど、北国らしい植物ってあんまりイメージできないなぁ」=“I can easily imagine tropical plants, but I can't really imagine northern plants.”
「それは北国のイメージが真冬で、葉が落ちたあとの木を想像してるからじゃないか？　実際あたしがそうだ」=“I think it's because your image of the north is of trees in the middle of winter, after the leaves have fallen off.　Actually, that's mine.”
「飼ってみたい動物か、育ててみたい植物ってある？」=“Is there an animal you'd like to have or a plant you'd like to grow?”
「んー……家庭菜園をやってみたい気持ちがあるから、野菜や果物は育ててみたいかも」=“Hmm- ...I've always wanted to grow a vegetable garden, so maybe I'd like to grow some fruits and vegetables.”
「どっちが珍しい動物や植物をいっぱい見つけられるか勝負しない？」=“Why don't we play a game to see who can find the most rare animals and plants?”
「お、それは面白そうだ。写真を撮っておいて、帰る前に見せ合うか」=“Oh, that sounds interesting. Let's take pictures, and we can show them to each other before we leave.”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって言われてるらしいよ」=“They say this island has been inhabited by spirits for centuries.”
「あ、あたしもなんか聞いたことある。人に福をもたらすんだっけ？　ちょっとあやかりたいな～」=“Oh, I heard something about that, too. I think they're supposed to bring people good luck? I'd like to take advantage of that~”
「この島でしか見られない星座ってあるのかな？」=“I wonder if there are any constellations that can only be seen on this island.”
「どうだろ？　一番綺麗に見える星座とかならあるんじゃないか」=“You think?　Maybe the most beautiful constellations?”
「魚を飼ってたことはある？」=“Have you ever kept fish?”
「ないけど、アクアリウムはちょっと興味あるな。すごくお洒落だし」=“I don't have any, but I'm kind of interested in aquariums. They're quite fashionable.”
「海の生き物って、可愛いと思う？」=“Do you think sea creatures are cute?”
「まぁ、だいたいは可愛いかな。魚は愛嬌あるし、イルカとかは普通に可愛いしな」=“Well, most of them are cute. Fish are charming, and dolphins are just plain adorable.”
「浜辺の貝殻は綺麗だけど……拾っちゃダメなんだよね」=“The seashells on the beach are beautiful... but you're not supposed to pick them up.”
「これも環境を守るためなんだろうな。あたし達も汚さないように気を付けていこう」=“I guess that's just another way to protect the environment. Let's be careful not to make it dirty, too.”
「水族館で泳いでる魚を見たときに、美味しそうだと思う？　普通に綺麗だと思う？」=“When you see a fish swimming in an aquarium, do you think it looks tasty?　Or do you think it's beautiful?”
「魚は普通に綺麗だと思うよ。カニは……どんな味か想像しちゃうけど」=“I think fish are usually beautiful... but all I can imagine about crabs is what they taste like.”
「こんな綺麗な海で泳げる機会なんて、滅多にないよね」=“It's not every day you get a chance to swim in such beautiful waters.”
「うんうん、おまえの言う通りだ。毎日感謝しながら泳ぐとしよう！」=“Yeah, yeah, you're absolutely right. We should swim every day, and be thankful.”
「こういう離島にいると、本当に海が広いことを実感するよね」=“When you're on a remote island like this, you realize just how big the ocean really is.”
「晴れ間の昼時に浜辺へ行くと、空と海で一面青いもんな～。絶景だけど、広大すぎてちょっと不安になる気持ちもあったり……」=“When you go to the beach at noon on a sunny day, the sky and the sea are all blue~ It's a great view, but it's also so vast that it makes me feel a little uneasy...”
「メニュー表を見ても、何が出てくるか分からないことが多いよね」=“You know, a lot of times when I look at the  menu, I have no idea what I'm gonna get.”
「画像がないときは、食べ物の名前で検索かけた方がいいぞ。苦手なものが出て来たりして、残すと失礼だからな」=“If you don't see a picture, you might want to search for the food's name. If you get something you don't like, it'd be rude just to leave it.”
「ここら辺に長寿の人が多いのって、食べ物が関係してるのかな？」=“Do you think food has something to do with the longevity of the people around here?”
「たぶんそれもあるだろうけど、風習とか人柄とかも関係してるんじゃないか？　のんびりしてる人が多いし」=“Maybe that's part of it, but I think it also has something to do with customs and personalities.　Lots of people are laid back.”
「自販機で売られてる飲み物も、けっこう独特だよね」=“Even the drinks sold in the vending machines are quite unique.”
「あたしも初めは戸惑ったよ。知ってる飲み物が全然ない……って。まぁ、普通の自販機もあったから安心したけどさ」=“I was also confused at first, too. I didn't know any of the drinks...! Well, I was relieved when I found a regular vending machine.”
「どの名産品が一番人気あるんだろう？」=“Which speciality products are the most popular?”
「あんまり圧倒的な差をつけて一位ってのは想像できないなぁ。どれも満遍なく人気がありそうだ」=“I can't imagine any of them would be in first place by too much of a margin. THey all seem universally popular.”
「女の子が喜びそうな名物もたくさんあるよね」=“There are a lot of specialties that girls would love.”
「確かにな。うちの母親は女の子なんて歳じゃないけど、何か買っておくか……」=“That's true. My mom's too old to be a girl, but I'll buy her something anyway...”
「人への贈り物を選ぶ時間って、なんか楽しいよね」=“It's kind of fun spending time to look for gifts.”
「うんうんと悩みながら選ぶあの時間な～。やっぱり貰った人の喜ぶ姿想像できるから楽しんだろうな」=“The time when you're mulling over your choices~ I have fun just imagining how happy the recipients will be.”
「勝負下着って持ってたりする？」=“Do you have a pair of underwear for special occasions?”
「ま、まぁ……一応……今、着けてるかどうかは聞かれても答えないからな！」=“W-well... just in case... and I'm not gonna answer you if you ask me if I'm wearing them right now!”
「奉仕するのは好き？」=“Do you like to do service?”
「……おまえの感じてる顔を見るのは、嫌いじゃないかも」=“...I guess I don't mind the look on your face when you're enjoying yourself.”
「一番興奮するタイミングっていつ？」=“When do you feel horniest?”
「ぅ……えぇと……そ、挿入される前……かな……」=“Uuu... em, er.... right before you put it in... I guess...”
「まったく！　エッチな話をするんじゃない！」=“Damn!　Don't talk to me about sex!”
「おまえがエッチなのは充分わかった！　降参だ！」=“I already know that you're naughty!　Just give it up!”
