//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「島にあるレジャーを全部やってみたいんだよね」=“I wanna try out all the activities here, you know?”
「全てですか？　難しいかもしれませんが、頑張ってください」=“All of them? That might be rather difficult, but do give it your best shot.”
「お気に入りのレジャーって、なにかある？」=“Got any activities in particular that you like?”
「これが一番というものは特に……誰かと一緒にすれば、全部楽しいですから」=“Nothing I can really point to... They're all very fun afterall, when you do them together with someone.”
「どのレジャーも意外と体力が必要だけど、疲れたりしない？」=“No matter what activity it is, they all kinda seem very stamina heavy, doesn't it get tiring?”
「確かに一部のレジャーはぐったりと疲れたりしますが、それも含めて楽しむものだと思っています」=“Some of them do really tax me heavily but, I think even that is a part of the fun of it all.”
「遊ぶのに夢中になり過ぎて、水分補給を忘れない様に注意しなきゃね」=“We've gotta be careful to not get too lost into it all and forget about things like hydration and whatnot.”
「ええ。私はこまめな水分補給を心掛けています」=“Yes. I do make sure to regularly consume water.”
「色々アクティビティをやってみて思ったんだけど、やっぱり身体を動かすことって楽しいよね」=“I had this thought while I was doing a whole bunch of different things but, just moving your body around is kinda really fun, isn't it?”
「分かります。私もそれほど得意というわけではりませんが、運動をすることは好きです」=“I understand. I cannot say I'm all that good at physical activities, but I do like all the exercise it gives me.”
「この島にあったらいいなってレジャーはある？」=“Is there any activity you wish they had here?”
「ええと……なんでしょう？　既に充実しているので、思いつかないです」=“Eerhm... I wonder if there is one? They already have so many things for us to do, I cannot think of any.”
「この島はなんというか空気が美味しいよね」=“How do I say this, the air here's just tasty, you know?”
「分かります。深呼吸をしているだけで、自然と心が豊かになりますよね」=“I understand. Just taking a deep breath fills your heart up with the bounty of nature, doesn't it?”
「動物も植物も、なんというか南国って感じがしない？」=“Don't both the flora and fauna, kinda have this southern feeling to them?”
「ふふ、仰りたいことは分かります。生き物も温暖な気候に適した進化をしているんでしょうね」=“Fufuh, I understand what you're trying to say. I imagine even they have evolved to thrive in this warm climate.”
「自然に囲まれた環境で生活することに、ちょっと憧れがあるんだよね」=“Living in a place surrounded by nature like this, sounds kinda ideal, doesn't it?”
「私もです。こういった島でのんびりと生活をするのが、理想ですね」=“I agree. Living a slow, relaxed life in a place like this would be quite idyllic.”
「老後はここで余生を送りたい……って思うのは、考えが老け込み過ぎてるかな？」=“Part of me wants to retire in a place like this, you know?... Am I thinking too far ahead?”
「えぇと……その、はい……私達はまだ余生を考える歳ではないかと。共感はできますけれど」=“Eerhm... uhm, yes... we're still too young to think about retirement and the like. I do relate though.”
「この島には、昔から精霊が住んでるって伝説があるらしいよ」=“Seems like there's a whole legend about how there's always been spirits here.”
「そうなんですね。この島の自然を守ってくださっているのでしょうか」=“There is, isn't it? I wonder if they're protecting the nature in this place?”
「今以外の季節に訪れたら、また違った自然の一面が見られるのかな？」=“If we stay here long enough for a whole another season, you think we'll get to see a whole different sort of nature?”
「どうでなんでしょう？　亜熱帯気候ですから、あまり変わらないかもしれませんね」=“Who knows? The climate here is subtropical, so it may not change all that much.”
「竜宮城の伝説って、こういう島で生まれたのかな？」=“You think the legend of Urashima Tarou was born in a place like this?”
「確かにそうかもしれませんね。面白い考え方です」=“What an interesting thought. It really might have been.”
「えら呼吸が出来れば、綺麗な海にずっと潜っていられるんだろうな……」=“I bet we could dive all day long in these waters, if only we just had gills...”
「えぇと……気持ちは分かります。ですが水中にいられる方法は、もう少しファンタジーな妄想でも良いのでは？」=“Eerhm... I understand how you feel. But if you are going to think along those lines, why not think of more fantastical ways of staying underwater instead?”
「静かなところだから、けっこう遠くからも波の音が聞こえてくるね」=“With how quiet this place is, you can still hear the waves, even deep inland, can't you?”
「私はよく耳を澄ませて波の音を聞いています」=“I tend to just stand still and focus on that sound a whole lot.”
「こんなに綺麗な海なら、人魚が泳いでても不思議じゃないと思わない？」=“With how beautiful this sea is, even if we saw a mermaid or two swimming around, it wouldn't seem all that weird, would it?”
「本物は流石にいないと思いますが……人魚のモデルになった生き物は、住んでいるかもしれませんね」=“I really don't think a real mermaid actually exists but... it might house the creatures that led humans to mistake them for mermaids, certainly.”
「今は早い船で行き来できるけど、大昔は大変だったんだろうなぁ」=“Nowadays we can come and go with fast ships, but I bet it was a real pain back in the day.”
「隣の島へ行くのも、命がけだったのかもしれないですね」=“Even just going to the next island over, might have been quite the risk for people back then.”
「深海にも、この辺り固有の生き物っているのかな？」=“You think there's any fish in the deep parts of the sea that exist only around here too?”
「どうでしょう？　深海はどこもあまり環境は変わらない気はしますが、もしかしたらいるのかもしれませんね」=“Who knows? I have a feeling the deep depths are the same no matter which sea it is but, there really might be some here.”
「こっちの食べ物は口に合ってる？」=“Does the food here suit your palate?”
「はい、どのお料理も美味しくいただいていますよ」=“Yes, I find all the food here very enjoyable.”
「本土に流通してるお菓子にも、こっち限定のフレーバーがあったりするよね」=“Even the more popular sweets that they sell in the country proper, have a lot of local only flavours here, don't they?”
「気になったので何個か買ってみましたよ。どんな味がするのか楽しみです」=“I got really curious about some of them so I bought a few. I'm very excited to try them out later.”
「この島の新しい名物を考えてって言われたら、何を作って売り出す？」=“If I told you to come up with a new local product of this place, what would you think of, to sell I mean?”
「え、えーと……今までにない組み合わせのお菓子……？　うぅ、質問が難し過ぎます……」=“E-Erhm... a set of sweets that nobody has tried to sell together before...? Uuuu, that's too difficult a question~...”
「渡したら人に通だと思われるお土産って何だと思う？」=“What sort of souvenir do you think would make people think you're an expert about the place, if you give it to them?”
「うーん、難しいですね……定番のお土産の新作とかでしょうか？」=“Nnn, what a difficult question... a new variant of a very well known local souvenir?”
「可愛い名物品もいっぱいあるよね」=“There's a lot of cute local specialities as well, aren't there?”
「はいっ。なので、友人に色々買っていこうと思っています」=“Yes--! So I am considering buying quite a few things for my friends back home.”
「何を買うか迷うなぁ……」=“It's hard to decide on what to buy, isn't it~...”
「分かります……どれも魅力的ですよね」=“I can relate... everything's so attractive, isn't it?”
「やってみたいエッチってある？」=“Got any type of sex you wanna try out?”
「い、いえっ……普通のエッチでけっこうですっ」=“N-No--... I'm fine with normal, regular sex, thank you--”
「実はすごいドスケベだったりしない？」=“Aren't you actually like a super pervert inside?”
「わ、私のことをどんな風に思ってるんですか？　そんなことは、ない……はずです」=“J-Just how do you see me as? I am not, that way... I shouldn't be.”
「男としては女の子のオナニーを見たいと思うんだけど、女の子はどう？　俺のオナニー、見たかったりする？」=“As a man, I wanna watch a girl rub herself but, what about girls? Do you wanna see me rub it?”
「きょ、興味がないと言えば……嘘になります……ですが、わざわざ見せていただく必要はありませんよ？」=“I-It'd be a lie if I were to say that I... don't... however, that doesn't mean you need to go out of your way to show me, alright?”
「い、いくらなんでもデリカシーがなさすぎますっ」=“Y-You really should learn a bit more tact--”
「は、恥ずかしい質問にはお答えできませんっ」=“I-I cannot answer such embarrassing questions--”
