「この島には、レジャーがいっぱいあるみたいだね」=It seems this island has a lot of leisure activities.
「そうっすね～。さすがは南国、レジャーパラダイスだよ～」=Yes, it does. Yes, it is indeed a tropical country, a paradise of leisure.
「どんなアクティビティで遊びたい？」=What kind of activities do you want to do?
「う～ん、なるべく動かないで、のんびりできるやつがいいかな～」=Hmmm... I think I'll go for the one where I can relax and not move.
「海と陸、どっちのアクティビティがいい？」=Which activity do you prefer, the beach or the land?
「あ～、できれば屋内でゆっくりできるやつが、いいっすね～」=Oh, I'd prefer something indoors where I can relax.
「もう、色んなアクティビティがやりたくて、ワクワクしてくるよ」=I'm so excited to do so many different activities.
「暑いっすからね～、あんまりはしゃぐと熱中症になっちゃうよ～」=It's too hot here. You'll get heat stroke if you get too excited.
「この島は、普通に散歩してるだけでも、アクティビティって感じがするよね」=On this island, even just walking around feels like an activity.
「いいっすよね～、目に入る景色がぜ～んぶ、珍しいからね～」=It's nice, isn't it? Every view you see is unique.
「この島でしかできないレジャーって何があるんだろう？」=I wonder what kind of leisure activities are available only on this island?
「そうっすね～、この島の固有種の見学とかは、ここじゃなきゃできないのかな～」=Well, I guess you can't visit the island's endemic species without being here.
「この島は、自然が豊かで空気も美味しいよね」=This island is rich in nature and the air is delicious.
「そうだね～。緑も多くて車も少なそうだし、空気が綺麗なんだと思うよ～」=Yes, it is. There's a lot of greenery and not many cars, so I guess the air is clean.
「なんだか、普段は見たことないような植物とかいっぱいだよね」=There's a lot of plants that I've never seen before.
「まぁ、気候が全然違うもんね～。生えてる植物も多分違うっすよ～」=Well, the climate is totally different. The climate is totally different and the plants are probably different too.
「これだけ自然に囲まれてたら、野生動物もいっぱいいるんだろうね」=Surrounded by so much nature, there must be a lot of wildlife.
「いると思うよ～。動物だけじゃなくって、虫もいっぱいいるんじゃないかな～」=I'm sure there is. I'm sure there's a lot of wildlife, not only animals but also insects.
「こういう自然が豊かな場所で暮らすのってどう思う？」=What do you think about living in a place like this where nature is abundant?
「う～ん、のんびりできる様で、意外と忙しいような……難しい問題っすね～」=Hmmm... It seems to be relaxing, but it's surprisingly busy. ...... It's a difficult question.
「これだけ緑が多いと、なんだか気分が落ち着いてくるよね」=So much greenery makes you feel calm, doesn't it?
「そうっすね～。ベッドを緑色にしても、この気分には成れないっすよね～」=That's true. Even if you make your bed green, it won't make you feel like this.
「ジャングルで遭難したらどうする？」=What would you do if you got lost in the jungle?
「その場を動かないで、救助を待つかな～。余計なエネルギーは使わないに限るよ～」=I would stay where I am and wait for rescue. It's best not to use unnecessary energy.
「この島の海って、本当に綺麗だよね」=The sea on this island is really beautiful, isn't it?
「うん、それは間違いないっすね～。島中どこから見る海も、全部絶景だよ～」=Yes, that's for sure. The sea here is really beautiful, isn't it?
「こんなに海の水が綺麗なのは、何か理由があるのかな？」=Is there a reason why the water is so clean?
「そうっすね～……自然が多いからとか、サンゴ礁があるからとか、色々ありそうだよね～」=Well, I guess it's because there's a lot of ...... nature, coral reefs and other things.
「この辺の海にいる魚は、カラフルなのが多いよね」=A lot of the fish in the sea around here are very colorful.
「海の中のサンゴがカラフルだから、逆に保護色って話もあるらしいっすよ～」=I heard that the coral in the sea is colorful, so it's a protective color.
「海の生き物になれるとしたら、何になりたい？」=If you could be any sea creature, what would it be?
「もちろん、クラゲ一択だよ～。プカプカ浮かびながら海を漂っていたいからね～」=Of course, I have to choose jellyfish! Of course I'll choose jellyfish, because I want to float and float in the ocean.
「水平線の向こうを見ていると、遠くへ行きたくなってくるよ」=Looking over the horizon makes me want to go far away.
「そうっすね～。船でのんびり運んでくれるなら、それもいいかな～」=That's true. I'd like to go far away from here.
「この島の人は、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=I heard that people on this island don't swim in the sea very often.
「それは素晴らしいっすね～、私も海だからって、別に泳ぐ必要はないと思うよ～」=That's great. I don't think I need to swim just because it's the ocean.
「この島の料理って、普段見かけないものが、いっぱいあるよね」=There are a lot of dishes on this island that you don't usually see, right?
「うん、独特な料理が多いよね～、でも、私どの料理も結構好きっすよ～」=Yes, there are many unique dishes, but I like all of them.
「この島の自販機で売ってる、見たことない飲み物ってどう思う？」=What do you think of the drinks sold in the vending machines on the island that you've never seen before?
「買うのはなかなか、勇気がいるっすよね～。毎回ドキドキしながら買ってるっすよ～」=It takes a lot of courage to buy one. It takes a lot of courage to buy one. I get nervous every time I buy one.
「この島、南国だけあってトロピカルフルーツが沢山採れるらしいよ」=I heard that this island produces a lot of tropical fruits.
「そうなんだよね～、私はマンゴーが好きなんだけど、パイナップルも捨て難いっすね～」=Yes, I like mangoes, but pineapples are hard to beat.
「この島の民芸品にまつわる歴史とか、興味ある？」=Are you interested in the history of folk art on this island?
「そうっすね～、私は今目の前にある民芸品が気に入ったらそれでいいっすよ～」=Well, if I like the folk art in front of me, that's fine.
「この島、特産品がありすぎて、どれが一番有名なのかわからないよ」=There are so many specialties on this island, I don't know which one is the most famous.
「そうかもね～、だって、海のものも山のものも、いっぱいだからね～」=Maybe so, because there are so many products from the sea and from the mountains.
「この島で時々流れてる民謡って、陽気でいい曲が多いね」=The folk songs that are sometimes played on this island are very cheerful and nice.
「そうなんだよね～。聞こえてくると、ついついニコニコしてくるっすよ～」=That's true! I can't help smiling when I hear them.
「オナニーするの好き？」=Do you like to masturbate?
「えぇ……それ聞くんすか～……まぁ、嫌いじゃないっすけどね～」=Do you like to masturbate? ...... You listen to that? ...... Well, I don't mind it.
「おまんことおっぱい、どっちが感じる？」=Which do you feel more, your pussy or your tits?
「それ聞いてどうするんすか～……う～ん、どっちも感じるっすよ」=What are you going to do if I ask you that? ...... Well, I feel both.
「おちんちんとおまんこ、どっちが強いと思う？」=What do you think is stronger, your penis or your cunt?
「キミは、すごい事聞くっすね……まぁ、お互い感じちゃって引き分けじゃないっすか～」=You're asking a great question. ...... Well, we both feel it, so it's a tie.
「あれだね～……今はやめようよ、この話～」=That's what I'm talking about. ...... Let's not talk about this right now.
「なんて事聞くの～？　完全にセクハラっすよ～」=What are you asking me?　That's sexual harassment!
