「もしかして、全部のレジャーを制覇するつもりでいる？」=Are you going to conquer all the leisure activities, by any chance?
「当たり前だろ？　遊びつくさなきゃ損だぜ！」=Of course not.　You've got to play them all!
「あったかいから、歩いてるだけで汗をかいちゃうよね」=It's so warm, you'll sweat just walking around.
「汗だくになるから、タオルがかかせないよな」=You'll sweat so much you'll need a towel.
「いつから運動は得意だった？」=How long have you been good at sports?
「ん～……得意だったかは覚えてないけど、昔から身体を動かすことは好きだったぜ」=I don't remember if I was good at ......, but I always liked to move around.
「男はやっぱり筋肉質な方がいいかな？」=Do you think men should be muscular?
「まぁ、そうじゃないか？　筋肉は色んなことを解決してくれるしな」=Well, don't you agree?　Muscles can solve a lot of problems.
「もっと体力をつけた方がいいのかな？」=Do you think I should get stronger?
「だな。体力があって損はしないぞ。いっぱい遊べるし良いこと尽くめだ」=Yes. There's no harm in being strong. You'll have a lot of fun, and that's a good thing.
「新しいレジャーを考えてみてって言われたら、どんなのを提案する？」=If I asked you to think of a new leisure activity, what would you suggest?
「なんだろうな～……バンジージャンプとか？　って、ここでやるのは難しいか。ははは」=I don't know... ...... bungee jumping?　I don't know. Hahaha.
「この島って、変わった虫もたくさんいそうだよね」=This island seems to have a lot of strange insects, doesn't it?
「そ、そんな恐ろしいことを言うな……外を出歩けなくなるだろ……」=No, don't say such horrible things. ...... You won't be able to go outside. ......
「南国特有の動物や植物がいっぱいいるみたいだね」=It looks like it's full of tropical animals and plants.
「それってどんな感じなんだ？　私の想像では陽気な見た目をしてるんだけど……当たってるか？」=What's it like?　I imagine it's got a cheerful look to it. ...... Am I right?
「自然豊かだし、自給自足の生活が出来そうだよね」=It's got a lot of nature. It's like a self-sufficient life.
「素人考えで甘く見るのはよくないぞ。私が言うんだから間違いない」=Don't underestimate the power of amateurism. I'm the one who said it.
「この島に秘境スポットってあるかな？」=Do you think there are any secret spots on this island?
「根気よく探せば見つかるんじゃないか？　調べるなら私も付き合うぜ」=If you look hard enough, you can find it.　I'll go with you if you want to find out.
「違う季節に来たら、また違った自然の一面を見ることが出来そうだよね」=If we come back in a different season, we'll see a different side of nature.
「雪が積もったら楽しそうだよな～。え、雪は降らない？　じょ、冗談を言ったに決まってるだろ、はは……」=It'll be fun when there's snow on the ground. Oh, it never snows?　Of course you were joking, haha. ......
「今日も空が澄んでて、気持ちがいいね」=The sky is clear today. It's so nice.
「ホントにな！　いや～、天気が良くて助かるぜ。雨が降ったら外で遊べないからな」=Really!　I'm glad the weather is so nice. I'm glad the weather is so nice, because if it rains we won't be able to play outside.
「深海魚って、けっこう愛嬌があると思わない？」=Deep-sea fish are quite charming, don't you think?
「そうかぁ？　不気味で、美味しくなさそうな見た目をしてるやつばっかりだと思うけどな」=Don't they?　I think they're all creepy and unappetizing looking.
「この島って、大体どこからでも波の音が聞こえてくるよね」=You can hear the sound of waves from almost anywhere on this island.
「そうなのか？　あんまり気にしたことなかったな」=Is that so?　I've never really paid attention to it.
「魚を飼ったことってある？」=Have you ever owned a fish?
「ないなぁ。もし飼うとしても観賞用じゃなくて、食用になりそうだ」=I don't think so. If I were to keep one, it would be for food, not for pleasure.
「海の生き物になれるとしたら、何になりたい？」=If you could be any sea creature, what would it be?
「マグロだな！　めちゃくちゃ早く泳げるらしいから、どんなもんか体感してみたいぜ」=I'd be a tuna!　I've heard they can swim really fast, so I'd like to see what it's like.
「水族館の魚を見て、美味しそうって思ったことある？」=Have you ever looked at a fish in an aquarium and thought it looked delicious?
「むしろない奴がいるのか？　刺身にするか、それとも煮るか焼くか……私はいつも想像するぞ」=Who wouldn't?　I always imagine them as sashimi, or boiled or grilled. ......
「綺麗な海を見ると、泳ぎたくなるよね」=When you see a beautiful sea, you want to swim in it.
「なぁ！　ほんと、なんで人間は海の中で呼吸できないんだろうな～。出来るならずっと泳いでたいぜ」=Hey!　I really wonder why we can't breathe in the ocean. If I could, I'd swim all the time.
「メニュー表を見ると、普段見かけない料理や飲み物の名前がいっぱいあるよね」=When I look at the menu, there are so many names of dishes and drinks that I don't usually see.
「何が出てくるか、さっぱり分からねぇよな～」=I have no idea what they serve.
「ここのお菓子を買ってみたんだけど、食べてみる？」=I bought some of these snacks. You want some?
「おお、くれるなら貰うぜ……って、真っ黒だな。これ、ほんとに食べれるのか？」=Oh, I'll take it if you give it to me. ...... It's all black. Can you really eat this?
「どこのお店でも、あの唐辛子の調味料は置いてるよね」=Every store has that chili seasoning, right?
「あれな～……どんなもんかと大量に振りかけたら、めちゃくちゃ辛くてさ……お前も気をつけた方がいいぞ」=I sprinkled a lot of ...... on it to see what it was like, and it was really hot. ...... You should be careful with that.
「何か気になる名物はあった？」=Did you see any specialties that caught your attention?
「……赤い人型のストラップを見たことあるか？　よく売られてるんだけど、何がモチーフなのか全然分かんなくて気になってるんだよな～」=Have you seen the ...... red human-shaped straps?　They're often sold, but I have no idea what the motif is, so I'm curious.
「買い物は、もう済ませた？」=Have you done your shopping yet?
「目星はつけたが、まだ買ってないな。他に欲しいものが見つかるかもしれないから、最後に買うよ」=I have an idea of what I want, but I haven't bought it yet. I've got an idea, but I haven't bought it yet. I'll buy it last because I might find something else I want.
「人への贈り物を選ぶのって難しいよね」=It's hard to choose a gift for someone, isn't it?
「そうか？　自分が貰って嬉しいものなら、相手もだいたい喜んでくれると思うけどな」=Is that so?　If it's something I'm happy to receive, I'm sure they'll be happy to receive it too.
「オナニー用のおもちゃを買ったことある？」=Have you ever bought a masturbation toy?
「んなっ！？　そ、そんなものを買ったことなんてないぞ！」=What?　No, I've never bought anything like that!
「チンコの話なんだけど、太いのと硬いのはどっちが好き？」=What do you like better, a thick cock or a hard one?
「く、比べられるほど私に経験がないこと、知ってるだろ！？　そんなことを聞くな！」=Shit, you know I don't have enough experience to compare!　Don't ask me that!
「チンコを鍛える為に、俺も筋トレを頑張ろうかな」=I think I'm going to have to start working on my dick.
「いちいち私に言うなよ！　お前に筋肉がついた時に意識しちゃうだろ！？」=Don't tell me every little thing!　You'll think about it when you have muscles!
「うぅ～、卑猥な話を私に振るな！」=Ugh, don't talk to me like that!
「女に振る話じゃないぞ！　もっと違う話をしてくれ」=I'm not talking to a woman!　You need to talk about something else.
