//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.2 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「遊び過ぎて、筋肉痛になりそうなんだよね」=“Feels like we're gonna wake up one of these days with a ton of muscle pain, doesn't it?”
「ま、そうなったら安静にするんだな。おまえの分まであたしが遊んでくるから安心してなって」=“Well, you just rest up if that does happen. I'll run around enough for the both of us, don't worry.”
「身体を動かすのって好き？」=“Do you like moving your body?”
「好きだよ。スポーツでかく汗は気持ちいいしな」=“I do. Working up a sweat with some good old sports feels great too.”
「海と山、どっちで遊ぶのが好き？」=“Between the sea and the mountains, which do you like enjoying more?”
「誰と何をするかっていう状況次第だな。あたし一人なら、静かで落ち着けそうな山がいいな」=“It'd depend on who I'm doing it with. If I'm by myself, the quiet and calming mountains by a large margin, for sure.”
「やっぱりお一人様用のレジャーは、そんなにないみたいだね」=“There really don't seem to be that many one person activities here, huh?”
「家族や恋人、友達と楽しむものだし、それが普通だろ？　完全に一人専用ってのは需要がないんじゃないか」=“On a trip like this, you have fun with your family, your girlfriend, or even just your friends, so isn't that pretty normal? Is there really any demand for one person only activities?”
「みんなから『一緒に遊ぼう』って誘われてそうだよね」=“I have a feeling a lot of girls come up and ask you to have fun with them.”
「ああ、よく誘われるよ。理由は……なんとなく察してるけど」=“Yeah, they do. I... more or less know why, too.”
「男は筋肉質な方がモテルのかな？」=“Do you think being muscular makes a man more popular?”
「それは人の好み次第じゃないか？　マッチョが好きな人もいれば、ちょっとふくよかな方がいいとか色々あるだろうし」=“Doesn't that depend on people's tastes? Some girls love the macho type, but others love spoiling plump guys too, and I'm sure there's others.”
「自然が綺麗だからか、空気が美味しいよね」=“Dunno whether it's due to the beautiful nature around here or what but, the air's delicious, isn't it?”
「ああ、わかるわかる。美味しいから、意味もなく深呼吸したくなってくるよなー」=“Aah, I feel you. It's real tasty, just makes you wanna take deep breaths all the time, doesn't it?”
「南国らしい植物はすぐイメージつくけど、北国らしい植物ってあんまりイメージできないなぁ」=“It's easy to imagine southern plants but, it's hard to do the same with nothern ones, isn't it?”
「それは北国のイメージが真冬で、葉が落ちたあとの木を想像してるからじゃないか？　実際あたしがそうだ」=“Isn't that because the north sounds frigid cold, with dead winter trees? For me it's that way.”
「飼ってみたい動物か、育ててみたい植物ってある？」=“Got any animals you wanna try keeping, or any plants you wanna try growing?”
「んー……家庭菜園をやってみたい気持ちがあるから、野菜や果物は育ててみたいかも」=“Nn... I do want to try setting up a tiny kitchen garden so, I guess I do wanna try growing some veggies and fruits.”
「どっちが珍しい動物や植物をいっぱい見つけられるか勝負しない？」=“Wanna make a bet? Let's see who can find the most plants and animals during our stay here.”
「お、それは面白そうだ。写真を撮っておいて、帰る前に見せ合うか」=“Oh, that sounds fun. Let's take pictures and compare them on the day we go back.”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって言われてるらしいよ」=“Apparently the dead linger as spirits here, on this island.”
「あ、あたしもなんか聞いたことある。人に福をもたらすんだっけ？　ちょっとあやかりたいな～」=“Ah, I've heard of that too, I think. They bring luck to the people, if I'm remembering right? That'd be pretty nice, I'll take some free luck any day~”
「この島でしか見られない星座ってあるのかな？」=“I wonder if there's any constellations that you can only see from here?”
「どうだろ？　一番綺麗に見える星座とかならあるんじゃないか」=“Who knows? If not that, probably atleast some constellations that you can see best from here, no?”
「魚を飼ってたことはある？」=“Have you ever had any pet fish?”
「ないけど、アクアリウムはちょっと興味あるな。すごくお洒落だし」=“No, but I am pretty interested in aquariums. They're so cool.”
「海の生き物って、可愛いと思う？」=“Do you think sea creatures are cute?”
「まぁ、だいたいは可愛いかな。魚は愛嬌あるし、イルカとかは普通に可愛いしな」=“Well, most of them, I'd say. Most fish have their own charm, and big ones like dolphins are just plain cute, for sure.”
「浜辺の貝殻は綺麗だけど……拾っちゃダメなんだよね」=“The seashells on the beach are really pretty but... we can't go pick them up, can we?”
「これも環境を守るためなんだろうな。あたし達も汚さないように気を付けていこう」=“That's in a bid to protect the environment too, I guess. Let's be careful to not make a mess of it ourselves either.”
「水族館で泳いでる魚を見たときに、美味しそうだと思う？　普通に綺麗だと思う？」=“When you see the fish at the aquarium, do you think "tasty"? Or do you think "pretty" like normal?”
「魚は普通に綺麗だと思うよ。カニは……どんな味か想像しちゃうけど」=“Normally the latter for me. But with crabs... I can't help but imagine what they must taste like.”
「こんな綺麗な海で泳げる機会なんて、滅多にないよね」=“Chances like these, to swim in a sea this beautiful, don't come often at all, do they?”
「うんうん、おまえの言う通りだ。毎日感謝しながら泳ぐとしよう！」=“Yepyep, it's exactly as you say. Let's be thankful for the opportunity and go for a dip everyday!”
「こういう離島にいると、本当に海が広いことを実感するよね」=“Being on a remote island like this really makes it set in just how big the sea is, doesn't it?”
「晴れ間の昼時に浜辺へ行くと、空と海で一面青いもんな～。絶景だけど、広大すぎてちょっと不安になる気持ちもあったり……」=“On clear noondays, the sky and the sea do look like one thing, don't they? It's a real sight, but sometimes it does feel a bit worryingly wide...”
「メニュー表を見ても、何が出てくるか分からないことが多いよね」=“Sometimes even looking at the menu isn't enough to tell you exactly what's gonna come out, is it?”
「画像がないときは、食べ物の名前で検索かけた方がいいぞ。苦手なものが出て来たりして、残すと失礼だからな」=“Better to just search the names online when they don't have a picture, honestly. You never know, it could be something you don't like, and it'd be pretty rude to return a full plate.”
「ここら辺に長寿の人が多いのって、食べ物が関係してるのかな？」=“Do you think the longevity of the people here has any relation to the food they eat?”
「たぶんそれもあるだろうけど、風習とか人柄とかも関係してるんじゃないか？　のんびりしてる人が多いし」=“There's probably a bit of that but, it's probably also just their customs and personalities, no? Most people here are very chill.”
「自販機で売られてる飲み物も、けっこう独特だよね」=“Even the drinks in the vending machines here are pretty unique, aren't they?”
「あたしも初めは戸惑ったよ。知ってる飲み物が全然ない……って。まぁ、普通の自販機もあったから安心したけどさ」=“It made me stop in my tracks too. There wasn't a single one that I knew... Well, there was a normal vending machine right beside it, but still.”
「どの名産品が一番人気あるんだろう？」=“I wonder which local product is the most popular?”
「あんまり圧倒的な差をつけて一位ってのは想像できないなぁ。どれも満遍なく人気がありそうだ」=“I can't really imagine one standing way too head and shoulders above something else. I feel like they're all pretty popular.”
「女の子が喜びそうな名物もたくさんあるよね」=“There's lots of products aimed at girls too, aren't there?”
「確かにな。うちの母親は女の子なんて歳じゃないけど、何か買っておくか……」=“For sure. My mom's not young enough to be called a 'girl' still, but maybe I'll grab something for her.”
「人への贈り物を選ぶ時間って、なんか楽しいよね」=“It's kinda fun, spending time picking out gifts for others, isn't it?”
「うんうんと悩みながら選ぶあの時間な～。やっぱり貰った人の喜ぶ顔を想像できるから楽しんだろうな」=“Yep, spending time while thinking about how it'd be perfect for them and everything~. I bet it's because you can really imagine them loving it.”
「勝負下着って持ってたりする？」=“Do you have any lucky panties?”
「ま、まぁ……一応……今、着けてるかどうかは聞かれても答えないからな！」=“W-Well... I won't deny it... though hell if I'm gonna tell you whether I'm wearing them right now or not!”
「奉仕するのは好き？」=“Do you like serving?”
「……おまえの感じてる顔を見るのは、嫌いじゃないかも」=“...Well, I don't hate seeing your melty face, I guess.”
「一番興奮するタイミングっていつ？」=“When do you feel the most aroused?”
「ぅ……えぇと……そ、挿入される前……かな……」=“Uu... erhm... r-right before you... put it in, I guess...”
「まったく！　エッチな話をするんじゃない！」=“Jeez! Don't bring up that stuff!”
「おまえがエッチなのは充分わかった！　降参だ！」=“Alright, I get it, you're lewd! I give in!”
