「遊び過ぎて、筋肉痛になりそうなんだよね」=“I think I'm going to get sore muscles from all the playing.”
「ま、そうなったら安静にするんだな。おまえの分まであたしが遊んでくるから安心してなって」=“Well, if that happens, you'd better rest. When that happens, you'll have to rest. I'll go play with you, so don't worry.”
「身体を動かすのって好き？」=“Do you like to move around?”
「好きだよ。スポーツでかく汗は気持ちいいしな」=“Yes, I do. It feels good to sweat when I play sports.”
「海と山、どっちで遊ぶのが好き？」=“Which do you like more, the beach or the mountains?”
「誰と何をするかっていう状況次第だな。あたし一人なら、静かで落ち着けそうな山がいいな」=“It depends on who I'm with and what I'm doing. If it's just me, I prefer the mountains because they're quiet and relaxing.”
「やっぱりお一人様用のレジャーは、そんなにないみたいだね」=“There doesn't seem to be many leisure activities for single people.”
「家族や恋人、友達と楽しむものだし、それが普通だろ？　完全に一人専用ってのは需要がないんじゃないか」=“It's normal to have fun with your family, lover or friends.　It's normal to have fun with family, lovers and friends.”
「みんなから『一緒に遊ぼう』って誘われてそうだよね」=“It seems like everyone is inviting you to hang out with them.”
「ああ、よく誘われるよ。理由は……なんとなく察してるけど」=“Yeah, I get asked a lot. Yeah, I get asked all the time, though I'm pretty sure I know why.”
「男は筋肉質な方がモテルのかな？」=“Do you think men are more attracted to muscular men?”
「それは人の好み次第じゃないか？　マッチョが好きな人もいれば、ちょっとふくよかな方がいいとか色々あるだろうし」=“It depends on the person's preference.　Some people like macho, others prefer a little more plump.”
「自然が綺麗だからか、空気が美味しいよね」=“Maybe it's because of the beautiful nature, the air is delicious.”
「ああ、わかるわかる。美味しいから、意味もなく深呼吸したくなってくるよなー」=“Yeah, I know what you mean. It's so delicious that it makes you want to take a deep breath for no reason.”
「南国らしい植物はすぐイメージつくけど、北国らしい植物ってあんまりイメージできないなぁ」=“I can easily imagine tropical plants, but I can't really imagine northern plants.”
「それは北国のイメージが真冬で、葉が落ちたあとの木を想像してるからじゃないか？　実際あたしがそうだ」=“I think it's because my image of the north is of trees in the middle of winter, after the leaves have fallen off.　In fact, I do.”
「飼ってみたい動物か、育ててみたい植物ってある？」=“Is there an animal you'd like to have or a plant you'd like to grow?”
「んー……家庭菜園をやってみたい気持ちがあるから、野菜や果物は育ててみたいかも」=“Hmmm... ...... I've always wanted to grow a vegetable garden, so maybe I'd like to grow some fruits and vegetables.”
「どっちが珍しい動物や植物をいっぱい見つけられるか勝負しない？」=“Why don't we play a game to see who can find the most rare animals and plants?”
「お、それは面白そうだ。写真を撮っておいて、帰る前に見せ合うか」=“Oh, that sounds interesting. I'll take some pictures and we can show them to each other before we leave.”
「昔からこの島には精霊が住んでるって言われてるらしいよ」=“They say this island has been inhabited by spirits for centuries.”
「あ、あたしもなんか聞いたことある。人に福をもたらすんだっけ？　ちょっとあやかりたいな～」=“Oh, I've heard that too. I've heard something about them. They bring good luck to people?　I'd like to be a part of that.”
「この島でしか見られない星座ってあるのかな？」=“I wonder if there are any constellations that can only be seen on this island.”
「どうだろ？　一番綺麗に見える星座とかならあるんじゃないか」=“What do you think?　Maybe the most beautiful constellations?”
「魚を飼ってたことはある？」=“Have you ever kept fish?”
「ないけど、アクアリウムはちょっと興味あるな。すごくお洒落だし」=“No, but I'm interested in aquariums. It's very stylish.”
「海の生き物って、可愛いと思う？」=“Do you think sea creatures are cute?”
「まぁ、だいたいは可愛いかな。魚は愛嬌あるし、イルカとかは普通に可愛いしな」=“Well, I think they're cute most of the time. Fish are charming, and dolphins are usually cute.”
「浜辺の貝殻は綺麗だけど……拾っちゃダメなんだよね」=“The seashells on the beach are beautiful, but you're not supposed to pick them up.”
「これも環境を守るためなんだろうな。あたし達も汚さないように気を付けていこう」=“I guess this is also to protect the environment. I guess that's part of protecting the environment. We should be careful not to pollute it.”
「水族館で泳いでる魚を見たときに、美味しそうだと思う？　普通に綺麗だと思う？」=“When you see a fish swimming in an aquarium, do you think it looks tasty?　Do you think they look good or do you think they look beautiful?”
「魚は普通に綺麗だと思うよ。カニは……どんな味か想像しちゃうけど」=“I think fish are usually beautiful. I think the fish are beautiful, but I can't imagine what the crabs taste like.”
「こんな綺麗な海で泳げる機会なんて、滅多にないよね」=“It's not every day you get to swim in such beautiful waters.”
「うんうん、おまえの言う通りだ。毎日感謝しながら泳ぐとしよう！」=“You're right, you're right. You're right, I should be grateful every day!”
「こういう離島にいると、本当に海が広いことを実感するよね」=“When you're on a remote island like this, you realize just how big the ocean really is.”
「晴れ間の昼時に浜辺へ行くと、空と海で一面青いもんな～。絶景だけど、広大すぎてちょっと不安になる気持ちもあったり……」=“When you go to the beach at noon on a sunny day, the sky and the sea are all blue. It's a great view, but it's also so vast that it makes me feel a little uneasy. ......”
「メニュー表を見ても、何が出てくるか分からないことが多いよね」=“When you look at the menu, you often don't know what you're going to get.”
「画像がないときは、食べ物の名前で検索かけた方がいいぞ。苦手なものが出て来たりして、残すと失礼だからな」=“If you don't have a picture, you should search for the name of the food. If you don't see a picture, search for the name of the food, because you might find something you don't like and it would be rude to leave it behind.”
「ここら辺に長寿の人が多いのって、食べ物が関係してるのかな？」=“Do you think food has something to do with the longevity of the people around here?”
「たぶんそれもあるだろうけど、風習とか人柄とかも関係してるんじゃないか？　のんびりしてる人が多いし」=“Maybe that's part of it, but I think it also has something to do with customs and personalities.　A lot of people are laid back.”
「自販機で売られてる飲み物も、けっこう独特だよね」=“The drinks sold in the vending machines are quite unique, aren't they?”
「あたしも初めは戸惑ったよ。知ってる飲み物が全然ない……って。まぁ、普通の自販機もあったから安心したけどさ」=“I was also confused at first. I was also confused at first, because I couldn't find any drinks I knew on ....... But I was relieved to see that there were normal vending machines.”
「どの名産品が一番人気あるんだろう？」=“Which local products are the most popular?”
「あんまり圧倒的な差をつけて一位ってのは想像できないなぁ。どれも満遍なく人気がありそうだ」=“I can't imagine it being the most popular by an overwhelming margin. I can't imagine any of them being the most popular by an overwhelming margin.”
「女の子が喜びそうな名物もたくさんあるよね」=“There are a lot of specialties that girls would love.”
「確かにな。うちの母親は女の子なんて歳じゃないけど、何か買っておくか……」=“That's true. My mom's not old enough to be a girl, but I'll buy her something. ......”
「人への贈り物を選ぶ時間って、なんか楽しいよね」=“It's kind of fun to choose a gift for someone, isn't it?”
「うんうんと悩みながら選ぶあの時間な～。やっぱり貰った人の喜ぶ顔を想像できるから楽しんだろうな」=“I want to see if what I read in the book is true. I can imagine the joy on the face of the recipient, so it must be fun.”
「勝負下着って持ってたりする？」=“Do you have a pair of underwear for the occasion?”
「ま、まぁ……一応……今、着けてるかどうかは聞かれても答えないからな！」=“Well, I'm not going to answer ...... if you ask me if I'm wearing any right now!”
「奉仕するのは好き？」=“Do you like to be serviced?”
「……おまえの感じてる顔を見るのは、嫌いじゃないかも」=“Maybe I don't mind seeing the look on your face when you're horny.”
「一番興奮するタイミングっていつ？」=“When do you feel most aroused?”
「ぅ……えぇと……そ、挿入される前……かな……」=“Uh, ......, uh, ......, well, before you're penetrated, I guess. ......”
「まったく！　エッチな話をするんじゃない！」=“Oh my God!　Don't talk to me about sex!”
「おまえがエッチなのは充分わかった！　降参だ！」=“I know you're naughty!　I give up!”
