//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「この島にあるアクティビティ、どんどん楽しんでいかないとね」=“We gotta do savour as many of the activities here as we can, don't we?”
「そうですね、この島に来たからには全力で楽しんでいきたいと思ってます」=“Indeed, we've come all the way here so I do think I'd like to go all out for once.”
「全部のアクティビティをする為にも体力付けないとなぁ……」=“We're gonna need a whole lot of stamina if we wanna do everything here, don't we...”
「えぇ、万全の調子で臨みたいですしね」=“Yes, we wouldn't want to do them in anything but perfect shape either, after all.”
「気になるアクティビティってある？」=“Is there any particular activity that's caught your eye?”
「選ぶのは難しいですね……全てが気になる、というのが本音です」=“What a difficult question... I wish to say, that they all have.”
「アクティビティを楽しむコツって何かあるかなぁ」=“I wonder if there's a specific trick to making the most of the activities here?”
「テクニックというより精神的なものとしてですから……とにかく、純粋になる、という事ですかね？」=“Rather than a trick, I'd say it's more of a mental thing... essentially, being pure and straightforward, I'd say?”
「陸・海ときたら空のアクティビティもあったら……」=“There's the sea, and the land, now if only they had some air activities too...”
「スカイダイビングとかですか？　あれは流石に勇気がいると思います……」=“You mean like skydiving and such? I think that really would require quite some courage...”
「アクティビティを堪能すると同時に自然も堪能する……」=“Doing the activities here means enjoying being one with nature too...”
「まさに一石二鳥ですね」=“Truly two birds with one stone, isn't it?”
「こう自然が多いと、やっぱり空気が違うよね」=“With this much nature around us, even the air feels different, doesn't it?”
「そうですね、何というかこう、濃厚な感じがします」=“Indeed, how do I say this, it feels richer somehow.”
「俺はこの島の植物、初めて見るものばかりだったなぁ」=“For me, it was the first time I ever saw most of the plants here.”
「私もです。普段目にしないものばかりですね」=“Me as well. They're all plants you normally don't see, aren't they?”
「この島の人たちでもまだ見たことのない生物っているのかな？」=“I wonder if there's any creatures here that even the natives haven't seen yet?”
「どうでしょうね。ですが、そういったロマンは大事だと思います」=“Who knows? However, I think it's important to have dreams such as that.”
「こういった自然はいつまでも守っていかないと、だよね」=“We gotta protect all this nature forever, don't we?”
「はい。私達に出来ることは少ないでしょうけど、それでも、ですね」=“Yes. I'm sure there's little we can do ourselves but, we still must try, mustn't we?”
「昔はこういった自然の中で暮らすのが当たり前だったんだよなぁ……」=“Living within nature like this used to be normal once upon a time, didn't it...”
「世の中の便利さに慣れてしまっている私達では想像し難い事ですよね」=“It's something unimaginable for those of us who're used to the conveniences of the world, isn't it?”
「ほんと、この島の人たちはどうやってこの自然を開拓していったんだろうなぁ」=“Seriously, I wonder how the locals ever managed to cultivate and foster nature like this?”
「ここで生きる為の努力をしていった結果、自然と開拓が進んでいったのではないですかね？」=“It was likely a consequence of them simply trying to survive and make the best of the resources available here, no?”
「ここの綺麗な海、ふとした拍子に飛び込んでみたくなるんだよな……」=“The clear sea here really makes you wanna just jump into it, doesn't it?”
「はしゃぐ気持ちはわかりますが、気を付けて下さいね？」=“I understand your desire to go wild but, please do be careful, okay?”
「これだけ海が綺麗ってことは、暫く雨や嵐は来てないってことかな」=“Since the sea's this pretty, there probably hasn't been any rain or storms here for a while, huh?”
「だと思います。時期なのかはわかりませんが、今は穏やかな気候なんでしょうね」=“I think so, yes. I do not know whether it's the season but, atleast for the moment, the climate is quite gentle.”
「ここの海にはどれだけの種類の生き物がいるんだろうなぁ」=“I wonder how many species inhabit the sea here?”
「水族館へ行けばわかるかもしれませんが、それでも見つかっていない生物もいそうですね」=“We may be able to find that out at the local aquarium but, it does seem like the sort of thing they could never say with certainty, doesn't it?”
「こういった海の中に海底洞窟とかあったりするのかなぁ」=“I wonder if there's any caves at the bottom of the seafloor here~”
「どうでしょう。でも、とても夢のある話だと思います」=“Who knows? Though, that does sound very lovely.”
「こういった海は、やっぱりカラフルな生き物が多いね」=“Seas like these really are full of colorful fishes, aren't they?”
「はい、熱帯独特という事でしょうか」=“Yes, I suppose it's just the way the tropics are.”
「綺麗な海の中の世界って、ほんっと幻想的なんだよなぁ……」=“The world inside the beautiful sea is seriously fantastical, isn't it?”
「ファンタジーと思えてしまうくらいですね。あの雰囲気、とても好きです」=“It really does make one think of a fantasy world, doesn't it? I love that atmosphere.”
「この島の名産品、やっぱこの島の味を強く表してるよね」=“The local specialities really are full of the local character, aren't they?”
「だからこそ名産品と言われてるのだと思います」=“I think that's precisely why they're called specialities.”
「名物となる食べ物って、味が極端なものが多いよね……」=“The sort of foods that end up as local specialties tend to have very extreme flavours, don't they?...”
「その方がインパクトがあって印象に残りやすい、という戦略もあるのかもしれませんね」=“It might be that they're employing the strategy of leaving an impact and a lasting impression.”
「こういった所によくある感じだけど、やっぱり魔除けとしての名産品を見かけるよね」=“They show up a whole lot in places like these but, you really do see quite a few evil warding charms and the like here, don't you?”
「そうですね、伝統的なものなんでしょうか？」=“Indeed, I wonder if it's some sort of a tradition?”
「目に見えるものから見えない音に至るまで、いろんな名物があるよね」=“From things we can see to sounds we can't tell where they're coming from, there's a whole lot of local specialities here, huh?”
「はい、無形文化も立派な名物だと思います」=“Yes, I think even the abstract culture is part of what we'd call "local specialties”
「名産品を集めるとしても、ちゃんと吟味しないと部屋がとんでもないことになりそうだな……」=“Even if you wanted to collect all sorts of local specialities, if you don't pick and choose carefully, your room's gonna end up running out of space, isn't it...”
「むやみやたらに買うのは控えましょう」=“Let us refrain from reckless spending.”
「一目見るだけで、あ、あの時買ったやつだなって思い出せるものを買いたいよね」=“Even when picking souvenirs, you'd wanna buy something that you could look at and immediately think "Ah, I bought this back then", wouldn't you?”
「そうですね、名産品として、思い出の品として選びたいと思います」=“Indeed, I would want to pick out particularly striking memorabilia.”
「この島の中で、一番興奮出来そうな場所ってどこかなぁ……」=“I wonder what the most arousing and exciting spot on this island is...”
「私は、あなたがいればどこでも興奮出来ると思います」=“Personally, I could get aroused and excited anywhere as long as you're there.”
「この島に来てから性欲がすごく強くなった気がするんだよね……」=“I feel like my sex drive has grown by leaps and bounds ever since we came here...”
「この島にはそういった空気があるのでしょうか、あるいは食べ物にそういった成分が……」=“I wonder if the air is to blame for that? Or perhaps the food here uses some unique ingredients...”
「こう、民芸品のようなこの島独特の大人のおもちゃとか……」=“Imagine, like, there being a folk craft of some sort unique to this place, that people use as an adult toy...”
「それは……あったらあったでどんなものか気になりますね」=“That... does sound quite interesting in its own right.”
「そういった破廉恥な話は如何なものかと……」=“I really do not think such lecherous things should be said openly...”
「そのような込み入った話はまだ早いと思います」=“I think such intricate topics are still a bit beyond us.”
