//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「この島、色んなアクティビティがあるみたいだね」=“Seems like this island's got a lot for us to do, huh?”
「そうだね。私、できれば全部挑戦してみたいなー」=“Yeah. I wanna try doing everything, if I can~”
「どんなアクティビティに興味があるの？」=“What activities are you interested in here?”
「色んなものに興味あるかな。面白いか面白くないかは、やってから決めるって感じ」=“Lots of them. No point in passing judgement on any of them without trying them first.”
「この島にいるだけで、大きなレジャー施設に来たみたいだよ」=“Almost feels like we've come to a holiday resort, doesn't it?”
「本当だね。南国のバカンスの雰囲気がたっぷり漂ってるよ」=“Yeah. This place is full of that sort of vacation feel.”
「やっぱり、屋外のアクティビティが多いのかな」=“So I guess there really are a whole lot of outdoor activities, huh?”
「そうだと思うけど。これだけ綺麗な海と緑に囲まれてるんだから、外で遊びたくなるでしょ」=“I think so, yeah. I mean, the place is surrounded by all this greenery and such a pretty sea too, who wouldn't want to do something outside?”
「ただ散歩してるだけでも、レジャー気分が満喫できるね」=“Even just taking a walk around the place is enough to let you thoroughly enjoy yourself, isn't it?”
「うん、そう思う。だって島中どこを見渡したって観光名所って感じだもん」=“Yeah, I think so. The place is so full of tourist spots afterall, there's one no matter where you look.”
「一緒にできるアクティビティとかあったらやってみたいね」=“It'd be nice to try out any pair activities, if they have any, wouldn't it?”
「それいいね。私も、一緒の方が絶対楽しいと思うもん」=“That sounds pretty nice, for sure. Doing stuff together would definitely be more fun.”
「こんなに豊かな自然に触れ合う機会なんて、滅多にないよね」=“Chances like these to come into contact with so much nature don't come often, do they?”
「そうだね。街にある緑なんて、ここと比べたら本当に小さいもんね」=“Yeah. Compared to here, the greenery around in the city just doesn't compare at all, does it?”
「これだけ自然に囲まれてると、空気も美味しい気がするよ」=“With so much nature around us, even the air feels tastier to me.”
「本当に美味しいよね。深い緑の香りがして、深呼吸するとすごく気持ちいい」=“It really is tastier. You can even taste the scent of the forest, it feels so nice to take a deep breath in.”
「南国だから、それっぽい植物がいっぱい生えてるね」=“We're in the south so, there's a whole lot of southern plants around too, huh?”
「うん。葉っぱもなんだか大きいし、生い茂ってて密林って感じだよね」=“Yeah. Everything has pretty darn big leaves too, the entire place feels like an overgrown jungle, doesn't it?”
「こんなに自然に囲まれてるんだから、野生動物もいっぱいいるんだろうな」=“There's so much greenery here, I bet there's a whole lot of wild animals around the place too.”
「そうだよね。私、野生動物沢山見たいな……あ、でも、危なくないやつがいいかな」=“Probably. I wanna see lots of them... ah, but, not the dangerous ones please.”
「都会の喧騒から離れると、自然の音が良く聞こえるようになるんだね」=“It's really easy to hear the sounds of nature, once you leave the hustle and bustle of the city, isn't it?”
「本当だね。鳥の声とか風の音とか虫の声とか……なんだか生命の音楽って感じがする」=“It really is. The chirping birds, the blowing wind, the trilling bugs... it almost feels like the music of life.”
「自然を守る事と生活を便利にする事って、両立できるのかな」=“I wonder if convenience in life and protecting nature are things that can exist hand-in-hand.”
「難しい課題だよね。でも、私達にもできる事からやって行けばいいんじゃないかな」=“That does sound like quite the problem, doesn't it? But I think we can just start off by doing the things we can.”
「海の水がこんなに奇麗だなんて、飲んでも美味しんじゃないかって気がするよ」=“The water in the sea is so clean, I feel like even drinking it wouldn't be a problem. I bet it'd even taste good.”
「なんだか健康に良さそうだよね。飲んだら絶対しょっぱいんだけど」=“It does sound pretty good for your health, doesn't it? Though I'm pretty sure it's gonna be salty.”
「この島の海は波も穏やかだし、泳いだら気持ちいいんだろうね」=“Even the waves on the sea here are so calm, I bet it'd feel real good to go for a swim.”
「そうだよね。私、島にいる間、いっぱい泳いじゃうと思うよ」=“Yeah. I think I'm going to swim lots, while we're here.”
「やっぱり南国だから、見たことない魚とかがいるんだろうね」=“There's a whole lot of fish you don't really see much here, huh? I guess it's not the south for nothing.”
「色んな色の熱帯魚とかいるよね。どうしてあんな色になるのかすごい不思議」=“They've got a whole lot of different colors too, don't they? I'm super curious why they're all so different.”
「海の生き物の中で何が一番好き？」=“Between all the sea creatures you know of, which do you like the most?”
「私はね、フグが好きかな。泳いでる姿も可愛いし、膨らんだところも大好き」=“The Fugu for me, I'd say. It looks adorable swimming around too, and I love the way it just puffs up.”
「この島の海は、サンゴ礁が綺麗なんだよね」=“The coral reefs here are really pretty, aren't they?”
「そうそう。あんなに奇麗だと、おとぎ話の世界みたいだよね」=“Yepyep. They almost look straight out of a fairy-tale, don't they?”
「この島の人たちって、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=“Seems like the people here don't really swim in the sea all that much.”
「う～ん、私達が自分の地元の観光地にあんまり行かないのと、感覚が似てるのかな」=“Nnn~, I wonder if it's the same as how we don't really go sightseeing in our own hometowns.”
「この島の民芸品って、やっぱり色んな歴史があるんだろうね」=“The local crafts probably have a whole lot of history behind them, don't they?”
「そうだよね。やっぱり地元の昔話とかが、元になったりしてるんじゃないの」=“Yeah. They're probably based on all the folk tales here, no?”
「この島、南国だけあって色んなフルーツが採れるんだよね」=“They harvest a whole lot of fruits here, don't they? I guess that's the south for you.”
「そうそう、トロピカルフルーツがいっぱいだよね。私、全部食べてみたいな」=“Yepyep, there's a whole lot of tropical fruits around here, aren't there? I wanna try them all.”
「この島の自販機には、見たことない飲み物が売ってるよね」=“They sell a whole lot of things you've never seen before in the vending machines here, don't they?”
「あれだけ正体不明だと、買う時ドキドキするよね」=“You can't even tell what gonna be inside the can, buying them is so exciting, isn't it?”
「この島の特産品はどれが一番有名なんだろうね」=“I wonder what local product from this region is the most famous?”
「どれなんだろうね。海のものとか、山のものとかいっぱいあって、決められないと思うよ」=“Who knows? There's so many things they harvest from the forest and the sea both, I don't think there's a clear winner.”
「この島、道を歩いてたら時々民謡みたいな音楽が聞こえて来るよね」=“Walking around the place, sometimes you hear that folk-y sort of music, don't you?”
「この島の人、音楽好きそうだもんね。私もあの曲を聴いてると、陽気な気分になってくるんだ」=“They do love their music here, don't they? Listening to that song puts me in a great mood too.”
「この島の料理って、色々珍しいものが多いよね」=“There's a whole lot of unique dishes here, aren't there?”
「うん。でもどれも美味しそうだよね、私はニンジンシリシリーが好きかな」=“Yeah. But they all look so good, don't they? Personally I love the ninjin shirishiri the most.”
「エッチの時って、どんな事考えてるの？」=“What do you think of, when we have sex?”
「え……えっと、気持ち良くなりたいな、とか一緒にイケたらいいなとか、そういう感じ、かな」=“Eh... erhm, "I wanna feel good", "it'd be nice if we could cum together", and stuff like that, I guess.”
「オナニーの時って、どんな事、妄想してるの？」=“What do you fantasize about, when you, erhm, masturbate?”
「もう、何聞いてるの？　妄想って……それは、まぁ、君のこと考えてるけどね」=“Jeez, what're you asking? "Fantasize"... well, I mean, I think of you, I guess.”
「やっぱり、おまんこが一番感じるの？」=“So I'm guessing it feels the best in your pussy?”
「な、なんでそんなストレートなの……？　えぇっと……確かに敏感な所だけど……」=“W-Why're you always so direct about these things...? Eerhm... I am pretty darn sensitive down there but...”
「こんな所で、そんな不純なお話はしないから……もぉ」=“I'm not gonna answer something so impure, in broad daylight, you know... dummy.”
「ちょっとこのお話は恥ずかしすぎるかな……別のお話がいいかも」=“That's a bit too embarrassing for me... I think we should talk about something else.”
