「この島、色んなアクティビティがあるみたいだね」=“This island seems to have a lot of activities.”
「そうだね。私、できれば全部挑戦してみたいなー」=“Yes, it does. I'd like to try them all if I could.”
「どんなアクティビティに興味があるの？」=“What kind of activities are you interested in?”
「色んなものに興味あるかな。面白いか面白くないかは、やってから決めるって感じ」=“I'm interested in a lot of things. I'm interested in a lot of things, but I don't know if they're interesting or not until I try them.”
「この島にいるだけで、大きなレジャー施設に来たみたいだよ」=“Just being on this island is like being in a big leisure center.”
「本当だね。南国のバカンスの雰囲気がたっぷり漂ってるよ」=“It's true. There's a lot of tropical vacation atmosphere here.”
「やっぱり、屋外のアクティビティが多いのかな」=“Are there a lot of outdoor activities?”
「そうだと思うけど。これだけ綺麗な海と緑に囲まれてるんだから、外で遊びたくなるでしょ」=“I think so. I guess so, but with such a beautiful sea and greenery, you want to play outside.”
「ただ散歩してるだけでも、レジャー気分が満喫できるね」=“Even if you're just walking around, you'll feel like you're at leisure.”
「うん、そう思う。だって島中どこを見渡したって観光名所って感じだもん」=“Yes, I think so. Yes, I agree. Everywhere you look on the island is a tourist attraction.”
「一緒にできるアクティビティとかあったらやってみたいね」=“I'd like to see if there are any activities we can do together.”
「それいいね。私も、一緒の方が絶対楽しいと思うもん」=“That sounds great. I think it would be more fun if we did it together.”
「こんなに豊かな自然に触れ合う機会なんて、滅多にないよね」=“It's not every day you get the chance to experience such a rich natural environment.”
「そうだね。街にある緑なんて、ここと比べたら本当に小さいもんね」=“That's true. The greenery in the city is so small compared to here.”
「これだけ自然に囲まれてると、空気も美味しい気がするよ」=“Surrounded by so much nature, the air feels so delicious.”
「本当に美味しいよね。深い緑の香りがして、深呼吸するとすごく気持ちいい」=“It's really delicious. The air smells of deep greenery and it feels so good to take a deep breath.”
「南国だから、それっぽい植物がいっぱい生えてるね」=“It's a tropical country, so there are a lot of plants that look like that.”
「うん。葉っぱもなんだか大きいし、生い茂ってて密林って感じだよね」=“Yes. The leaves are kind of big and it's like a dense forest.”
「こんなに自然に囲まれてるんだから、野生動物もいっぱいいるんだろうな」=“Since we're surrounded by so much nature, I'm sure there's a lot of wildlife.”
「そうだよね。私、野生動物沢山見たいな……あ、でも、危なくないやつがいいかな」=“That's true. I'd like to see a lot of wildlife. ...... But I think I'd prefer something less dangerous.”
「都会の喧騒から離れると、自然の音が良く聞こえるようになるんだね」=“When you get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, you can hear the sounds of nature better.”
「本当だね。鳥の声とか風の音とか虫の声とか……なんだか生命の音楽って感じがする」=“It's true. The sound of birds, wind, insects, ...... is like the music of life.”
「自然を守る事と生活を便利にする事って、両立できるのかな」=“I wonder if it's possible to protect nature and make life more convenient at the same time.”
「難しい課題だよね。でも、私達にもできる事からやって行けばいいんじゃないかな」=“It's a difficult issue. It's a difficult issue, but I think we should start with what we can do.”
「海の水がこんなに奇麗だなんて、飲んでも美味しんじゃないかって気がするよ」=“I can't believe how clean the ocean water is, I feel like it must be delicious to drink.”
「なんだか健康に良さそうだよね。飲んだら絶対しょっぱいんだけど」=“It looks so healthy, doesn't it? It's definitely too salty to drink.”
「この島の海は波も穏やかだし、泳いだら気持ちいいんだろうね」=“The sea here is so calm, it must be nice to swim in.”
「そうだよね。私、島にいる間、いっぱい泳いじゃうと思うよ」=“Yes, it is. I'm sure I'll be swimming a lot while I'm here.”
「やっぱり南国だから、見たことない魚とかがいるんだろうね」=“Since it's a tropical island, I'm sure there will be fish I've never seen before.”
「色んな色の熱帯魚とかいるよね。どうしてあんな色になるのかすごい不思議」=“There are tropical fish of all colors. I wonder how they get that color.”
「海の生き物の中で何が一番好き？」=“What do you like best among marine creatures?”
「私はね、フグが好きかな。泳いでる姿も可愛いし、膨らんだところも大好き」=“I think I like puffer fish. I like puffer fish. They look so cute when they swim and I love their bulges.”
「この島の海は、サンゴ礁が綺麗なんだよね」=“The coral reefs on this island are beautiful, aren't they?”
「そうそう。あんなに奇麗だと、おとぎ話の世界みたいだよね」=“Yes, yes. It's like something out of a fairy tale when it's that beautiful.”
「この島の人たちって、あんまり海で泳がないらしいよ」=“I heard that people here don't swim much.”
「う～ん、私達が自分の地元の観光地にあんまり行かないのと、感覚が似てるのかな」=“I wonder if it's the same reason we don't go to our own local tourist spots.”
「この島の民芸品って、やっぱり色んな歴史があるんだろうね」=“I guess the folk crafts of this island have a lot of history.”
「そうだよね。やっぱり地元の昔話とかが、元になったりしてるんじゃないの」=“That's true. It's probably based on local folklore.”
「この島、南国だけあって色んなフルーツが採れるんだよね」=“This island has a lot of tropical fruits, right?”
「そうそう、トロピカルフルーツがいっぱいだよね。私、全部食べてみたいな」=“Yes, there are a lot of tropical fruits. I'd like to try them all.”
「この島の自販機には、見たことない飲み物が売ってるよね」=“The vending machines on this island sell drinks I've never seen before.”
「あれだけ正体不明だと、買う時ドキドキするよね」=“When you don't know what you're buying, it makes you nervous.”
「この島の特産品はどれが一番有名なんだろうね」=“I wonder which of the island's specialties is the most famous.”
「どれなんだろうね。海のものとか、山のものとかいっぱいあって、決められないと思うよ」=“I wonder which one is the most famous. I don't know. There are so many sea foods and mountain foods that it's hard to decide.”
「この島、道を歩いてたら時々民謡みたいな音楽が聞こえて来るよね」=“On this island, when you walk along the road, you can sometimes hear folk music.”
「この島の人、音楽好きそうだもんね。私もあの曲を聴いてると、陽気な気分になってくるんだ」=“People on this island seem to like music. The islanders seem to like music, and it makes me feel cheerful.”
「この島の料理って、色々珍しいものが多いよね」=“There are a lot of unusual dishes on this island, aren't there?”
「うん。でもどれも美味しそうだよね、私はニンジンシリシリーが好きかな」=“Yes. I think I like carrot sili sili.”
「エッチの時って、どんな事考えてるの？」=“What do you think about when you're having sex?”
「え……えっと、気持ち良くなりたいな、とか一緒にイケたらいいなとか、そういう感じ、かな」=“Well, I think I want to feel good, or I want to be able to cum with you, or something like that.”
「オナニーの時って、どんな事、妄想してるの？」=“When you masturbate, what do you fantasize about?”
「もう、何聞いてるの？　妄想って……それは、まぁ、君のこと考えてるけどね」=“What the hell are you asking me?　What do you mean, fantasize? ...... Well, I think about you.”
「やっぱり、おまんこが一番感じるの？」=“Does your cunt feel the best?”
「な、なんでそんなストレートなの……？　えぇっと……確かに敏感な所だけど……」=“Why are you being so straightforward ......?　Well, ...... it's a sensitive spot, but ......”
「こんな所で、そんな不純なお話はしないから……もぉ」=“I don't want to talk about that inappropriately here.”
「ちょっとこのお話は恥ずかしすぎるかな……別のお話がいいかも」=“Maybe this story is too embarrassing for you. ...... Maybe we should talk about something else.”
