「意外と運動が得意だったりする？」=Are you any good at sports?
「得意とは言えないけど、“かれら”がコツを教えてくれるから、苦手でもないかな」=I can't say I'm very good at it, but they're showing me the ropes, so I'm not bad at it.
「気になるレジャーはあった？」=Did you find any leisure activities that you liked?
「色々あったから、なにをするか“かれら”と相談してるところだよ」=We've got a lot of things to do, so we're talking to them about what to do.
「二人で遊べるレジャーも色々あるよね」=There are many leisure activities for two people, right?
「うん、だから“かれら”に会えたら、一緒にやってみるつもり」=Yeah, so when I see them, I'm going to try it with them.
「その……“かれら”も地球のレジャーに興味とかあるのかな？」=Do you think ...... they're interested in leisure activities on Earth?
「あるよ。“かれら”は色んなことを知りたがってるの」="Yes, they are. "Yes, they want to know about all kinds of things.
「いい機会だし、色んなレジャーで遊んで身体を動かしたいよね」=It's a good opportunity for them to have some fun and exercise.
「うん。宇宙に行くには体力が必要だから、わたしも頑張る」=Yes. I'll work hard, because I need my strength to go into space.
「作ってほしいレジャーってあったりする？」=Are there any leisure activities you'd like to see built?
「無重力を体験できるレジャーはほしいなぁ……」=I want to be able to experience zero gravity. ......
「同じ国なのに、この島は動物も植物も独特な感じがするよね」=Even though it's the same country, the animals and plants on this island are very unique.
「地球上でこれだけ違いがあるんだから、宇宙ではもっと大きな違いがあるんだろうね」=If there are so many differences on Earth, I'm sure there are even more in space.
「この島に、まだ見つかって新種の生き物とかいないかな？」=Do you think there are any new species of creatures on this island that we haven't found yet?
「可能性は否定できない。もしかしたら、普通の人は認識できていないだけで、すぐそこにいるのかも」=I can't deny the possibility. Maybe they're just out there, unrecognized by the average person.
「ここは自然が豊かだから、空気が美味しいよね」=The air here is so rich in nature, isn't it?
「そうだね……“かれら”も喜んでるみたい」=Yes, it is. ...... They seem to be happy here.
「“かれら”も、地球の自然環境には興味があるのかな？」=Do you think they're interested in the Earth's natural environment?
「うん、“かれら”が一番注目してる事柄だよ。わたしも、この島の環境については詳しく伝えてるんだ」=Yes, that's what they're most interested in. I've been telling them a lot about the environment on this island.
「宇宙にも、これだけ自然が豊かなところはあるのかな」=Is there any other place in the universe with so much nature?
「“かれら”が教えてくれたんだけど、いくつかあるけど多くはないみたい」=They tell me that there are some, but not many.
「自分オリジナルの星座とか考えたことある？」=Have you ever thought of your own constellation?
「星にはちゃんとした名前があるって“かれら”が教えてくれたから、今は考えなくなったよ」=They told me that the stars have proper names, so I don't think about it anymore.
「魚を飼ったことはある？」=Have you ever had a fish?
「ううん、ないよ。でも、深海魚は飼ってみたいかも。パワーを貰えそう……」=No, I don't. No, I don't. But I would like to have a deep-sea fish. I think they give me power. ......
「ここの綺麗な海に、“かれら”も感動してるかな？」=Do you think they are impressed by the beauty of the sea?
「関心は寄せても、感動はしないと思うな」=I think they're interested, but not impressed.
「静かな場所にいると、波の音がよく聞こえてくるよね」=When you're in a quiet place, you can hear the sound of the waves.
「うん……あの音を心地良いと感じるのは、わたしが地球産れだからなのかな……」=Yeah. ...... Maybe it's because I'm from the earth that I find that sound so comforting. ......
「深海魚って、ちょっとエイリアンっぽい感じがするよね」=Deep-sea fish seem a little alien to me.
「地球人が想像するエイリアンには近いかもしれないけど、本当はあんな姿じゃないよ？」=They may be close to what we imagine aliens to be, but they don't really look like that, do they?
「綺麗な海だし、人魚が泳いでても不思議じゃないよね」=It's a beautiful sea. It's no wonder mermaids swim in it.
「人魚は大昔に現れた“かれら”が擬装した姿って説もあるんだよ。だからあり得ない話じゃないかも」=There is a theory that mermaids are a disguised form of them that appeared a long time ago. So it's not impossible.
「もし海の生き物になれるとしたら、なにがいい？」=If you could become a sea creature, what would it be?
「やっぱりクラゲかな。“かれら”とも交信しやすくなるし、ふわふわ浮いてるだけでも楽しそうだし」="If I could be a sea creature, what would it be? "It would be easier to communicate with them and it would be fun to just float around.
「ここのご飯は口にあった？」=Do you like the food here?
「うん。変わったものが多いけど、美味しいと思う」=Yes. The food here is strange, but I think it's good.
「目を引く色をしたジュースが売られてるのをよく見かけるよね」=I've seen a lot of eye-catching colored juices on sale.
「どれもカラフルだよね。見た目は嫌いじゃないかな」=They're all colorful, aren't they? I don't mind the look.
「地元のお菓子を買ってみたんだけど、食べてみる？」=I bought some local sweets, would you like to try them?
「……すっごく甘そう。今は遠慮しておくね」=I bought some local sweets, would you like to try them?" "...... looks very sweet. I'll pass on that for now.
「“かれら”に、ここの名産品を渡したりするの？」=Do you give them any of our specialties?
「渡したいけど……宇宙までは配達してくれないみたい」=I would, but they don't deliver to ...... space.
「可愛らしい名産品がいっぱいあるよね。何か気になるものはあった？」=There are a lot of lovely local products. Did you see anything that caught your eye?
「特にはないかな……わたしが欲しいのは、宇宙に関係するものだから」=Not really. ...... What I want is something to do with space.
「人への贈り物を選ぶのって難しいよね」=It's hard to choose a gift for someone, isn't it?
「そう？　“かれら”はどんな情報でも知りたがるから、悩んだことはないかな」="Yeah?　"I don't think I've ever had a problem with them wanting all the information.
「オナニーの時は、中を弄る？　それともクリ派？」=When you masturbate, do you play with the inside or the clitoris?　When you masturbate, do you play with the inside or the clitoris?
「うーん、その時の気分によるかな。より宇宙に近づける方を弄るよ」=Well, it depends on my mood. Well, it depends on my mood. I'll play with the one that's closer to the universe.
「舐められるのと、自分が舐めるのだと、どっちが好き？」=Which do you like better, being licked or licking yourself?
「どっちも好きだけど……自分が舐める方かな。あなたにも感じてもらいたいから」=I like both, but I think I prefer ...... licking myself. I want you to feel it.
「一日中エッチしてみたいって思う？」=Would you like to have sex with me all day?
「宇宙に近づく為には、回数もだけど質が大切なの。一日中してたら、おざなりになっちゃいそうだからいいかな」=To get closer to the universe, it's not only about the number of times you have sex, but also the quality. I don't want to have sex all day, because I'm afraid I'll neglect it.
「どうして、そんなことを聞くの？」=Why are you asking me this?
「あなたに答える必要はないよね？」=I don't have to answer to you, do I?
