「ほんと、いろんなアクティビティがあるよね」="There are so many activities to choose from, aren't there?
「そうね、ゆったりするものから激しそうなものまで、幅広く楽しめるわね」="Yes, there's a wide range of activities from relaxing to strenuous.
「海のアクティビティと陸のアクティビティ、どっちがいいとかってある？」="Which do you prefer, sea activities or land activities?
「うーん、どちらもそれぞれの味あるし、1番は選べないわねぇ」="Well, I can't choose one because they both have their own flavor.
「全部のアクティビティを回ったら体力もたなそうだよなぁ……」="I don't think I'd have the energy to do all the activities. ......
「ふふっ、焦る必要はないわ。時間はあるんだし、ゆっくり回っていけばいいのよ」="Hmm, no need to rush. There's no need to rush, you have plenty of time to take your time.
「アクティビティを効率よく回っていくコツってあったりするのかなぁ……」="I wonder if there are any tips on how to get around the activities efficiently. ......
「んー、効率やコツを求めるよりも、いかに１つ１つを楽しめるか、なんじゃないかしら？」="Hmmm... I think it's more about how much you enjoy each activity rather than efficiency or tips.
「いろんなアクティビティがある中でも、やっぱり海や水が絡むものが多いね」="There are many activities, but most of them involve the sea and water.
「そうね、こういった島国特有ってことかしらね？」="Yes, I suppose that's what makes us an island nation.
「こういったアクティビティを他でもやれたら、と思うけど……」="I wish we could do some of these activities elsewhere. ......
「でも、この島でするからこその感動があると思うわよ？」="But I think there's something to be said for being on an island, don't you?
「この島の自然、どこまで堪能出来るかなぁ……」="I wonder how much of the island's nature we'll get to enjoy. ......
「隅々まで見回るのは流石に大変そうね」="I wonder how much of the island's nature we'll be able to enjoy.
「これだけの自然があるのって、水質が良かったりとかあるのかな？」="Do you think the water quality is good enough to have this much nature?
「水含め、環境的にとてもよい条件が揃ってるって事かしらね？」="Does it mean that the water and the environment are in good condition?
「自然を堪能するには何が一番いいかなぁ」="What's the best way to enjoy nature?"
「んー、やっぱりどんな事よりも自分の足で、目で、直に触れていくのが一番なんじゃないかしら？」="I think the best way to enjoy nature is to see it with your own eyes and feet.
「この自然の中で、どれだけの生存競争が行われてるのか……」="How much competition for survival is there in this natural world? ......
「今も見えないところ、島の奥深くで行われてるかもしれないわね」="You can't see how much competition there is for survival in this natural environment, even now, deep inside the island.
「あの自然を維持するのって並みならないことだよなぁ」="It must be extraordinary to keep that nature alive.
「そうね、この島の人の努力の甲斐は大きいと思うわ」="Yeah, I think the people on this island are doing a great job.
「自然と生きるって、こういった島での暮らしの事を言うんだろうなぁ」="I guess living with nature means living on an island like this.
「流石に大げさな気もするけど……でも、近しいのかもしれないわね」="I know it sounds like an exaggeration, but ...... might be close enough.
「海での食べ物と言えば？」="What about food from the sea?
「そうね……私はかき氷かしら？　冷たくて美味しいのよね」="Well, ...... I'd say shaved ice.　It's cold and delicious.
「ここの海や浜辺に固有種とかいたりするのかなぁ」="I wonder if there are any endemic species in the sea or on the beaches here.
「案外、まだ見つかっていない種とかがいたりして？」="I wonder if there are any species that haven't been discovered yet?
「これだけ澄んだ海、入らないわけにはいかないよなぁ」="It's so clear, you can't help but go in.
「えぇ、気持ちよさも格別だと思うわ」="Yes, I'm sure it's very refreshing.
「夜の海って、明かりがないと全てを飲み込んでしまいそうだよね……」="The sea at night seems to swallow everything without light. ......
「えぇ。だから夜の海に近づくときは気を付けて頂戴ね？」="Yes. So be careful when you approach the sea at night, okay?
「いつか海の上を歩けたりするのかなぁ」="I wonder if I'll ever be able to walk on the ocean.
「そうねぇ、いつになるかはわからないけど、それもまた夢のある話ね」="Well, I don't know when that will happen, but it's a dream come true.
「ほんと、こんな綺麗な海がある場所に来れるなんて思わなかったよ」="I never thought I'd be in a place with such a beautiful ocean.
「そうね、実際この目で見るまではなかなか信じられなかったわね」="Yeah, it's hard to believe until you see it with your own eyes.
「こういった所の名産品と言えば、お守りや呪い的なグッズだよね」="You know, these places are famous for their charms and curses.
「特に木彫りで作られてるものってそういうものが多いわよね」="Especially the ones carved out of wood.
「この島の名物と言われてるところ、全部回っておきたいなぁ」="I'd like to visit all the places that are famous on this island.
「折角来たなら、そういった所は隅々まで見て体験していきたいわよね」="I'd like to visit all the famous places on the island.
「小さな島ではあるけど、結構いろんな名産品があるよね」="I know it's a small island, but there are a lot of specialties.
「そうね、それぞれがしっかり島の特徴を表してると思うわ」="Yes, I think each one of them represents a different aspect of the island.
「こう、目で見るものだけじゃなく、波や木々とか自然の音も名物として成り立ってる感じするよね」="Not only the things you can see, but also the waves, the trees and the sounds of nature.
「ふふっ、この島の全てが名物ってところかしら？」="Everything on the island is a specialty, right?
「こういう所の食べ物や飲み物って極端に甘かったりすっぱかったりするよね」="The food and drinks in these places can be extremely sweet or sour.
「あれは何でなのかしらね？　不思議だわ」="I wonder why that is?　It's strange.
「どれか一つでも、この島の名産品は持って帰りたいなぁ」="I'd like to take at least one of the island's specialties home with me.
「島を離れる前のお土産屋、忘れずに行かないとね？」="I'd like to take at least one of the island's specialties home with me. I'll have to remember to visit the gift shop before I leave.
「この島独特のエッチな物事ってあったりするのかな……」="I wonder if there are any sexually explicit things unique to this island. ......
「あら、それを調べてどうする気かしら？　勿論、私で試してくれるのよね……？」="Oh, what are you going to do with that?　Of course you're going to try it on me. ......?
「こう、エッチなアクティビティとかあるとしたらどんなのがいい？」="Like, what kind of naughty activities, if any, would you like to do?
「そうねぇ、普段出来ないようなもの……蔦に絡まったりとかかしら……？」="Well, something you wouldn't normally do, like getting tangled up in ...... ivy. ......?
「見晴らしのいい場所でエッチなんてしたりして……」="I'd like to have sex in a place with a great view. ......
「ふふっ、野性的で開放的で……嫌いじゃないわよ？」="It's wild and open and ...... I don't mind, you know?
「あら、そういう話をするのはまだ早いんじゃないかしら？」="Oh, I don't think it's time to talk about that yet.
「こーら、エッチな事言わないの」="Come on, don't be naughty.
