//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「[H名]は身体を鍛えてたりするの？」=“Do you do any physical training, [H名]?”
「走ることは習慣になっているな。おまえも今度、私と一緒に走るか？」=“I do go running pretty regularly. How about it, wanna join me next time?”
「外で遊ぶのは好き？」=“Do you like having fun outside?”
「もちろんだ。私はどちらかというと、アウトドア派だしな」=“Of course. I mean, I'm more of an outdoors person than indoors, really.”
「暑いから、ただ歩いてるだけでも汗をかいちゃうよね」=“It's so hot, even just walking around leaves you drenched, doesn't it?”
「フッ、そうだな。だが、私はこのカラッとした暑さは嫌いじゃないぞ」=“Pff--, yeah. But, I don't hate dry and crispy summers like these, not at all.”
「オススメの筋トレってある？」=“Is there any specific strength workout you recommend?”
「何故私に聞いてくるんだ……？　まぁ、道具が必要ないスクワットなんかがいいんじゃないか」=“Why're you asking me...? Well, how about some squats? Your body's the only tool you need for that.”
「ここは色んなレジャーが楽しめるから、遊び飽きないよね」=“With how many things there are to do here, it never gets tiring, does it?”
「そうだな。自然を感じながら体を動かせるから、清々しい気分になれる」=“Yeah. It feels really refreshing, being able to move my body while savouring the nature here.”
「なにかやってみたいアクティビティってある？　あ、この島にないものでもいいよ」=“Is there any particular activity you wanna try out? Ah, it doesn't have to be on this island.”
「やってみたいものか…………バンジージャンプは体験してみたいな。どんな感覚なのか、単純に興味がある」=“Something I wanna do, huh... I wanna try bungee jumping atleast once. I really just want to know how it feels.”
「飼ってみたい動物とか、育ててみたい植物ってある？」=“Is there an animal you'd like to keep as a pet, or a plant that you'd like to grow?”
「動物ならゴールデンレトリバーみたいな大型犬を飼ってみたいな。一緒に走ることができたら楽しそうだと思わないか？」=“Animals wise, I'd love a big dog, like a golden retriever. Don't you think it'd be real fun to go running with a dog like that?”
「この島に、まだ見つかってない新種の生き物とかいないのかな？」=“Wonder if there's any still undiscovered species on this island?”
「仮にいたとしても私ら素人の目線じゃ、どいつが新種の生き物かなんて分からないと思うぞ」=“Even if there was, with out amateur eyes, I really don't think we'd be able to tell.”
「普通に生えてる植物とかも、南国って感じがするよね」=“Even just the common plants growing all over have this southern feeling to them, don't they?”
「ふわっとしてるが言いたいことは分かるぞ。普段暮らしている町じゃ、まず見ないような植物ばかりを見かけるな」=“Those are some vague words but I get what you're saying. Most of the plants here are plants you'd never see in the city, aren't they?”
「この島には、昔から精霊が住んでるって言い伝えがあるみたいだよ」=“Seems like apparently there's a legend here about spirits living here since long ago.”
「精霊か……この豊かな自然をずっと守ってくれているんだろうな」=“Spirits, huh... they're probably protecting all the natural bounty of this place.”
「今日も空が澄んでて、気持ちがいいね」=“It's yet another clear day today. Feels great, doesn't it?”
「そうだな……気持ち良すぎて、帰りたくない気持ちが強まっていくのを感じるよ」=“Yeah... it feels so great, I can feel the part of me that doesn't wanna go home getting stronger.”
「どっちがより珍しい動物や植物を見つけるか、勝負してみない？」=“Wanna have a little bet on which one of us can find more unique and rare plants and animals here?”
「いいぞ……と言いたいがパスだ。私はどうも視野が狭くてな……なにも見つけられずに負けてしまいそうだ」=“I'm down... is what I'd like to say, but I'll pass. I don't really pay attention to most things... I'm just gonna end up losing without finding anything.”
「[H名]は深海魚とか好き？」=“Do you like deep sea fish, [H名]?”
「……好き嫌いなんて考えたことなかったな。まぁ、ブサカワというかなんというか……愛嬌はあると思うぞ」=“...I've never thought about whether I like them or not. Well, I can't tell whether it's them being so ugly that they're adorable or what but... I can't say I hate them.”
「耳を傾けると聞こえてくる波の音が好きなんだよね」=“I just love how you can hear the sound of the waves all over the island if you just try to, you know?”
「ああ、分かるな……私もゆっくりしたいときは、静かに波の音を聞いてるよ」=“Yeah, I feel you... I do it too, whenever I wanna take it easy. Just sitting around and listening to the waves.”
「海って聞いて、なにか連想するものってある？」=“When you hear the words "the sea", what do you associate with it?”
「海から連想するものか……青い色、夏休み、照り付ける太陽、水着、バーベキュー……色々思い浮かぶぞ」=“What I associate with the sea, huh... The color blue, summer, the blaring sun, swimsuits, a barbeque... all sorts of things.”
「こんな綺麗な海で泳げるってだけで、ここに来てよかったって思えるよね」=“Just being able to swim in a sea this pretty makes you glad we came here, doesn't it?”
「フフッ、そうだな。こんな綺麗な場所で泳げる機会なんてそうそうないし、私は満足するまでう遊びつくすつもりだ」=“Fufuh--, yeah. You don't get many chances to swim in a place this pretty either, I'm personally gonna enjoy myself until the last possible moment.”
「もし海の生き物になれるとしたら、何になりたい？」=“If you could be a sea creature, what would you want to be?”
「名前を失念したが……一番泳ぐのが速い魚だな。確か時速１００ｋｍ近く出たはずだ。そのスピードを私は体感してみたい」=“I can't remember the name but... the fastest fish in the sea, for me. If I remember right, it goes as fast as 100 kilometers per hour. I want to savour that speed myself.”
「どうして同じ海なのに、ここと俺たちが住んでるところで海の透明度っていうか……綺麗さが違うんだろう？」=“Even though it's the same sea between here and home, I wonder why there's such a difference in water transparency... or cleanliness, rather?”
「確かに……海は繋がっているはずなのに不思議だな。研修旅行なんだし、調べてみるとするか」=“You're not wrong... both should be connected, it's a real mystery. We're on a research trip anyway, so I guess we might as well look into it.”
「自販機で売られてる飲み物も、けっこう独特だよね」=“The drinks they sell in the vending machines here are all pretty unique, aren't they?”
「ああ……興味本位で買ってみたんだが、少し後悔した。どんな味か分からないものは、よく調べた方がいいな」=“Yeah... I tried one out of curiosity, and regretted it immediately after. Better to check what it tastes like first.”
「こっちのお菓子を買ってみたんだけど、食べてみる？」=“I bought some of the local sweets, you wanna try them with me?”
「ん？　……いや、食べたことがあるから大丈夫だ。ドーナツみたいで美味しいが、飲み物がほしくなるしな」=“Nn? ...Nah, I've had some myself so I'm good. They're kinda like donuts and I like them, but they do leave you very thirsty.”
「せっかくだし、ここの料理を全部制覇してみたいんだよね」=“We've come this far, we might as well conquer all the local food here, no?”
「いいんじゃないか。他の地域じゃ滅多に見かけないメニューもあると思うし、旅の記念になると思うぞ」=“Why not. There's probably quite a few local dishes that you can't find in other places, and it'll make for some good memories too.”
「気になる名産品とかあった？」=“Found any local speciality that caught your eye?”
「前に見かけた焼き物の食器だな。色朝やかな青色が綺麗で惹かれたから、財布と相談して購入するか検討中だ」=“Yeah, a set of earthen tableware. It was such a vivid blue, right now I'm making my case to my wallet.”
「女の子が喜びそうな、可愛らしい名産品もよく見かけるよね」=“You see a lot of cute looking girly local products here too, don't you?”
「まぁ、そうだな……だが私にはそういうのは似合わないだろう？　可愛いとは思っても、眺めるだけだよ」=“I guess, yeah... but that sorta thing wouldn't fit me anyway, no? Even if I think it's cute, I just look at it and no more.”
「旅先って、つい色々買っちゃうよね……」=“You end up buying a lot of things on trips like these, don't you...”
「まさかもうお金が尽きそうなのか？　後先考えないからそうなるんだ。ちゃんと計画的に使っていけ」=“Are you almost out of money or something? It's because you don't think about the future that you end up in these situations. Plan your expenses out better.”
「母乳ってどんな味がするのかな？」=“What does breast milk taste like?”
「わ、私が知るわけないだろ……赤ん坊の頃の記憶でも思い出しておけっ」=“H-How am I supposed to know... I don't know, think back to when you were a baby or something--”
「一日だけ、俺と性別が入れ替わったらどうする？」=“If we swapped genders for a day, what'd you do?”
「……おまえさえ良ければ、エッチはしてみたいな。男がどんな風に感じるのか興味がある」=“...If it'd be alright with you, I'd wanna have sex. I'm pretty interested in just how men feel pleasure.”
「最初にパイズリを考えた人は偉大だと思うんだ」=“I think the person who came up with the idea of titty fucks was a great being.”
「偉大かは分からんが、変態だということは間違いないな」=“I don't know about that, but I can say for sure that he must have been a pervert.”
「はぁ……もうため息しか出てこないぞ」=“Haah... I can only sigh at this point.”
「何をして生きてたら、そんな発想を思いつくんだ？」=“What sort of life do you even have to live, to come up with those things?”
