//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「気になってるアクティビティってある？」=“Any activities that caught your eye?”
「そうですね……この島ならではのものがあれば、でしょうか」=“Let's see... any that are unique to this island, I suppose?”
「どのアクティビティも、やっぱり体力は要りそうだよね」=“No matter what you wanna do here, you're gonna need stamina for it all, aren't you?”
「やはり、全力で楽しむ為には必要だと思います」=“Yes, I do think it's necessary, for us to enjoy all these activities to the fullest.”
「いろんな活動をして、この島の事を知れたらいいよね」=“It'd be nice if we could get to know this island a whole lot better by doing all these activities.”
「アクティビティはその一環としとても役立てそうですね」=“It does seem like they'd be quite useful to that end, doesn't it?”
「やっぱり自然を利用したアクティビティが多いよね」=“There really are a whole lot of activities that make use of the nature somehow, aren't there?”
「はい、自然豊かなこの島ならでは、というところでしょうか」=“Yes, I imagine it's part of the charm of this place, with how surrounded by nature it is.”
「海と陸だと、どっちのアクティビティが好きってある？」=“Between activities out on sea and ones on land, which do you like more?”
「どちらというものはないですね。この島全てのアクティビティが好きです」=“There's no third option, huh? I like them all.”
「せっかくこんな島に来たんだし、一人でアクティビティを楽しむのは勿体ないよね」=“We spent so much effort coming to this island, it'd be a waste to do the activities here all by yourself, wouldn't it?”
「そうですね、人と人との繋がりを深めるためにも活用させたいですね」=“Indeed, they'd be best used to deepen our relationships with others.”
「やっぱりこう、自然が多いと空気が違うよね」=“The air really does feel different with all this nature, doesn't it?”
「そうですね、とても健康に良さそうな気がします」=“Indeed, it feels really healthy for our bodies.”
「本やテレビで見たことはあっても、実際に見るのは初めてな自然ばかりだなぁ」=“Even if we've seen all this before on TV, seeing it in person makes it feel like an entirely new experience, doesn't it?”
「ちょっとしたファンタジーが現実に現れた感がして、胸が高まりますよね」=“It does feel like a slice of fantasy right in the middle of our reality, doesn't it? It's so exciting.”
「内陸と島国の自然、こうも違うとはなぁ……」=“To think nature here would take such a different shape here, compared to the mainland...”
「やはり環境に適した自然が生き残っている、という事でしょうか」=“I wonder if that means that the native nature of this place, best suited for it, is still alive and well?”
「この島の野生の生物、結構おとなしいよね」=“The wildlife here is pretty darn docile, isn't it?”
「そうですね、島民と同じく、彼らものんびりと過ごしているのでしょうか」=“Indeed, I wonder if they all too spend their time taking it easy, just like the locals?”
「この自然の中で暮らしていくのはそう簡単な事じゃなさそうだよね」=“It doesn't seem like it'd be all that easy to live in a place like this, does it?”
「そうですね、先人の知恵や努力の賜物だと思います」=“Indeed, I do think it's all thanks to the efforts and knowledge of those that came before.”
「自然を堪能する為に、兎にも角にも見て回らないとなぁ」=“If we are to enjoy this place thoroughly, we can't skip just regular old walking around and looking at this, can we?”
「実際に肌で感じるのが一番手っ取り早いですからね」=“It'd be fastest, yes, to experience it in person with your own body and mind.”
「ここの海の潮のにおい、好きだなぁ」=“Man, I love the smell of the tide here.”
「そうですね、不快な感じはまったくしませんね」=“Yes, it doesn't feel unpleasant at all, does it?”
「綺麗な海を見たら泳ぎたくなるのは仕方ないよね？」=“With such a beautiful sea in front of us, I'm not the only one who constantly feels like just going for a dip, right?”
「はい、私も思わず入ってみたくなります」=“Yes, I cannot help but want to do the same myself either.”
「海で食べるものと言ったら？」=“What pops into your head when you think "snack by the beach"?”
「そうですね……私はイカ焼きがふと浮かびました」=“Let's see... Grilled squid. That's what came to mind just then.”
「こんな綺麗な海だと、綺麗な珊瑚や魚たちを見たくなるよね」=“With such a beautiful sea right here, you just can't help but wanna look at some pretty corals and pretty fish too, can you?”
「神秘的な風景が目の前に広がる……そんな素敵な海の中を散策してみたいです」=“I'd love to just take a stroll under the sea... the mystical sight of it all spreading out in front of my eyes.”
「海と言ったらやっぱり水着だよね！」=“When you think "the sea", swimsuits come to mind first thing, don't they!”
「……本当に、男の人はそういったものが好きですよね」=“...Men really do love such things the most, don't they?”
「綺麗な海を維持するにも、細かな注意をしていかないと、だよね」=“We gotta be careful, especially with the little things, to keep a beautiful sea like this pristine, don't we?”
「そうですね、一人一人意識することが大事だと思います」=“Indeed, I think everyone needs to be a bit conscious of it.”
「やっぱりこの島の名産品は独特だね」=“This island's local specialties really are unique, aren't they?”
「そうですね、この島ならでは、というのが見てわかります」=“Indeed, it's easy to tell from a glance, that they're unique to this place.”
「ご当地グルメみたいなもの、この島にもあったりするかな？」=“You think this place has any famous local delicacies?”
「あると思います、というよりも普段私達が口にしないものは大体そうなのでは？」=“I do think so, rather, aren't most of the things that we stay away from just that to begin with?”
「この島にもご当地あるある的なものってあるのかな？」=“You think there's anything that's like really common here that we just don't know about?”
「私達が見たことがないもの、まだまだありそうですね」=“It does seem like there's a lot we don't know still about this place, doesn't it?”
「たまに、何に使うかわからない名物品があったりするよね……」=“Sometimes you see some local goods that you can't even tell what their purpose is, don't you...”
「置物としてもあっているのかどうか、というのもありますね……」=“It's hard to tell when they're just supposed to be ornaments too, isn't it...”
「この島ってご当地キャラみたいなものってあったっけ？」=“Remind me, does this place have a local mascot character or something?”
「どうでしょう……そのようなぬいぐるみがあったようななかったような……」=“I wonder... I feel like I have a faint memory of seeing a plushie like that, or maybe not...”
「いろんな名産品があるから、どれにしようか迷ちゃうんだよね」=“There's so many local specialities, it's hard to decide on one to go with, isn't it?”
「思い出の品ですし、選ぶもよし、財布と相談をして全て買うもよし、じゃないでしょうか？」=“They'll all end up being memorabilia anyway, so you could pick and choose, or if your wallet allows, you could just buy them all too, no?”
「海の中でこっそりエッチなことしたり……」=“Ever thought about having sex quietly out in the sea without letting anybody notice?...”
「……砂が入って痛くなっても知りませんよ？」=“...Don't blame me if you get sand in there and it starts hurting, okay?”
「こういった自然にまぎれて、俺たちも野性味あふれるエッチとか……」=“Imagine, us disappearing into the words together, and going at it like animals for hours...”
「それは……とても、激しそうですね……」=“That... sounds very, intense...”
「こういう島って、どこか秘伝の薬とかありそうだよね。主に媚薬的な……」=“This place feels like it'd have one of those mystery pills, doesn't it? Like aphrodisiacs and whatnot...”
「……それを手に入れても、私以外には使わないでくださいね？」=“...Even if you get your hands on those, please only use them on me, alright?”
「あの、破廉恥です……」=“Uhm, that's very indecent...”
「な、なんてことを言い出すんですか……」=“W-What are you even saying...”
